Not to be a complete cornball, but I knew I was dizzy with love for this 18th century Chinese masterpiece when I stumbled over a passage where the incorrigible servant Tealeaf goes off on a bully with a wonderful verbal takedown, adding "Be glad we haven't [naughty word]ed your dad." ...ah! I love learning about other cultures! But really, 'dizzying' is the best word for this wonderful book. The central family tree is bursting into an entire forest, the narrator shifts in and out of plotlines willy-nilly ("Who the heck is this person again?" I said way too often), the Rongguo estate is described in extremely intimate detail, there are poems on every other page, and there is some proto-magic realism going on the whole time with demons, immortals, and fairies existing in dreams and maybe real life. It's all so...fascinating. It made me genuinely excited for reading in a way I haven't been in a long, long, long time. Just like with any love, time for me to fess up there are some...issues. First of all, this is just 1 of 5 volumes, so it ends kinda abruptly and with 0 resolution. In fact, there is almost never any resolution ever. Or a plot period, to be honest. The story just saunters and putters around. Even the central love triangle between Dai-yu, Bao-chai, and Bao-yu hasn't really budged much so far (and by the way, Bao-yu is an incorrigible little brat. It aggravates me how much I like him). But I cannot emphasize enough how much I enjoyed all of this. My tip is to not fret so much about trying to figure out what's going on or how everyone relates to everyone. Once I just relaxed, I surprised myself how invested I got in Bao-yu, Xi-feng, Grandmother Jia, Aroma, Tealeaf, and all the big and petty going-ons at the mansion. I can absolutely see why scholars dedicate their lives and livelihoods to Cao's sprawling, funny, and heartbreaking work.... ...I reckon I'll need a cigarette bad by the time I'm finished with this whole thing.
What can I say about "Story of the Stone" that hasn't already been said? It is truly one of the greatest masterpieces of world literature and I have spent nearly twenty years of my life reading and studying this incredible book, in both English and Chinese. Having read both multiple times, it should be said that David Hawkes' translation of the first three volumes if exceptional. While I don't agree with every decision he made as a translator, he always had a reasonable explanation (I've also seen his translator's notes, which is available in book form from the Chinese University of Hong Kong Press or available online for free). For example, I'm not sure about his changing of colors (e.g., "Dream of Golden Days" instead of "Dream of the Red Chamber"), but I understand why he did it, and he makes a very good case for it. What makes this translation truly exceptional (and the reason it is so much better than the English "translation" by Yang Xianyi and Gladys Yang) is because it can stand on its own as a work of literary art. Hawkes' masterful prose makes the reader feel like the book was originally written in English (despite the content letting you know that it's a very different world) because of how smooth and stylish it is. He is able to not only convey the words, but the mood, tone, and feel of the book, which is very hard to do, especially with something so complex as "Story of the Stone." He took some liberties with the translations of some of the poems (of which there is a lot in this novel), but they flowed naturally in English while still retaining, by and large, their original meaning and intent. Again, that is not something easy to do, not to mention his ability to handle nearly 300-year-old Chinese humor and 'playfulness' of word games and subtle foreshadowings. David Hawkes is clearly one of the most exceptional (if not THE most exceptional) translator of Chinese literature into English that I have ever encountered. His "Introduction" in Volume I is also one of the best overviews of the novel ever written. Of course, the novel itself, translation aside, is sheer brilliance. Its vast scope, ability to engender so many different (and genuine) feelings in the reader, all of the ups and downs. It could be said that Cao Xueqin writes like a painter. His insane attention to detail and description makes the reader feel like they are really there, standing in that elegant and opulent mansion or in Prospect Garden. It is said, though, that to truly start to understand "The Story of the Stone," you have to read it at least five times. I would also strongly suggest that those who fall in love with this novel, as I have, spend some time looking for other scholarly books and articles related to the novel, because there are so many complex layers involved, and you may even find a greater sense of closure (particularly if you don't read the last two volumes, which were a forgery, not written by the original author of the first 80 chapters, who had a quite different ending in mind).
This story in Volume one revolves around several upper class families and shows the high level of etiquette required among family members.  The English translation is seamless and becomes beautiful in the way poetic couplets of two or more lines are presented. One meaning of the book is that it is a remembrance of the past. This seems to refer to the lives of various princely families in Nangking during the early 18th century before they were punished by the Emperor. The Chinese author was a member of these families. The original in Chinese was printed in January of 1792 and has become one of the most famous pieces of Chinese  literature. A knowledge of Chinese culture and history would no doubt increase the readers appreciation for the quality of this book.
This--the whole 5-volume set--remains China's greatest novel, and possibly the greatest novel in any language.  It is the subject of a whole field of studies in China ("Red Studies," from the more usual Chinese title of the book, HUNG LOU MENG, "A Dream of Red Mansions"). It really should be read by every educated person.   The other reviews on Amazon summarize the book well.  Some of them comment on the translation's accuracy, which I cannot do, being too feeble in my Chinese to follow its difficult prose.  There are several things to add, however.   I'm currently reading it for the 3rd time (I have also read the abridged translations), with an eye to studying the ways emotion is represented, for some work on emotions across cultures that I am involved in.  The interesting thing here is that the whole incredibly diverse, elaborate, and minutely described emotional landscape of the novel is instantly and totally accessible and comprehensible to a sensitive western reader (at least, to with some knowledge of Chinese conventions).  There is nothing remotely like the utterly alien, incomprehensible emotional and personal landscape that stereotypes and superficial western accounts ascribe to the Chinese.  There is also nothing like the utterly socialized Chinese, incapable of individuality, seen in most western accounts of cross-cultural psychology.  In fact, Cao's characters are sometimes quirky, sometimes downright eccentric, and always individuals and characters. This is (of course) a much more accurate portrayal of Chinese persons than the stereotyping western literature.   The western reader is even apt to do as Chinese readers often do, and identify Cao's characters with people they know. Cultural psychologists take note.   First is the stunning level of social commentary here, focused tightly and relentlessly on the plight of women in a traditional elite North Chinese household, but also on the plight of the servant and commoner classes in that elitist situation.  Cao Xueqin explores every possible misfortune that can befall good women (including being corrupted into not-so-good women).   Cao was humorous and gently ironic.  The brilliant but feckless and unpredictable hero Bao-yu survives largely because of his infinitely caring, sensible, always-there maid and lover Aroma.  Several of the other characters also depend on servants who are conspicuously more sane and competent than their masters and mistresses.   Nobody in the English-language literature seems to point out that this was part of a movement.  The great poets Zheng Xie and Yuan Mei were exact contemporaries of Cao Xueqin.  Cao would probably have known their work.  They had the same socially critical stance.  They had the same highly empathetic attitudes toward women, including women of the servant class.  If the latter phrase sounds very feudal and hierarchic, reflect, American readers:  our poets and novelists are very often elite New Englanders and New Yorkers; you know they have servants; yet it will be a cold day in Hell before you find a sympathetic portrait of a maid in any of their stuff.  Cao is way ahead.   Zheng and Yuan were also capable of the same sort of intensely personal, intimate, open writing about love that Cao managed so well.  There is a wonderful translation of one of Zheng's more painful and personal love poems in V. McHugh and C. Kwock, WHY I LIVE ON THE MOUNTAIN, a booklet that should be more widely known--alas rare and obscure.   Moreover, this humanistic attitude--toward women, or just toward everybody--spread to Japan; think of Rai Sanyo and Ryokan.  I doubt if they ever heard of Cao, but they surely had read Yuan Mei and very likely had read Zheng and others.   There were a good number of women writers at the time.  Some were proteges of Yuan Mei. No one seems to know what happened to the women in Cao's own personal life.   Chinese society in the early Qing Dynasty was horribly hierarchic and oppressive, not least to women, but the countercurrents represented by Cao and others were powerful and important.  They lie behind modern women's movements in East Asia.
For people that are accustomed to the cultures of the West (Americas, Europe) it might be a chore to get interested in this book. The pace seems to be a little slow but that is because the details of daily life in China days past are different and they might just slip right past you. If you're interested in how life was lived in that part of the world, this book will be a masterpiece, as it has been in China itself.
One of the 4 classics of Chinese literature, it is a riveting and interesting read! Especially useful for someone who is keen to have a better understanding of Chinese culture and literature. Highly recommended.
One of the masterpieces of Chinese literature.  Five volumes and hundreds of characters. Has a modern feel, despite being more than two hundred years old. Fascinating book.
Rank and privilege in 18th century China. The family compound. Relation between relatives and the pecking order. The state loses meaning at extended family level which tend to have their own laws and customs. Subjection of women is rife, but not without protest. This book about customs is worth more than a history book in order to understand how people lived.  This is not a history book, it is a novel of customs, more about  what people thought, about respect, subservience and privilege  and mores.
Have not completed the book. Great introduction. Four stars just because the translation can’t express the exact details and feelings from the original Chinese version.
This book is one of the celebrated classics in Chinese literature. The English translation here is very good. Even the poetry is well done
The book looks very aged/old with yellow pages. Disappointed
The other reviews on here have told the outline and the important aspects of this first volume of The Story of the Stone, but I wanted to say this collection of five books started me on a whole new path and opened up the world of China to me. Until I read Cao Xueqin, I had no interest in China or chinese literature. These books are mesmerizing and addictive while educating you at the same time on the world of China in the 18th century. I have spent the last year reading everything I can find (from 1940 and back), and I owe my present passion to these wonderful books. I still say Cao Xueqin must have been a woman, as his descriptions and details of the women's lives then is so incredible and knowing. In a time when men and women lived fairly separate existences, this is kind of unusual I think. Although the main character is a young male, the books are primarily about the women, the grandmother, the aunts and cousins, and the servants. There are millions of people in it, it is like getting to know a whole city from another time and place, and often the stories of their lives are tragic. Full of intellectual games, and poetry, and religion, the books have layers of reality and dream. Truth and fiction. There is double meanings in almost everything. I wish there was more prose from this wonderful writer. And David Hawkes/John Minford are the cats meow for translators!  (I find Pinyon names much easier to read).
Excellent novel with great view of the Chinese culture of the time.
arrived, no problem
A fascinating look at prerevolutionary China.
A Chinese classic well translated
It's a real page-turner.  As far as I can see, it's an episodic narrative without an overall structure, but that didn't prevent me from thoroughly enjoying it.  It's hard to keep track of who the characters are;  I read it on Kindle, and only at the end did I see there was a key to the characters, several pages long.  I suggest reading it in hard copy.
great!
I've read 4 our 5 translations of this classic novel and this is by far the best. I've re-read it about 5 times. It's like travelling in time and space for a vacation with extraordinarily interesting people of a different culture, but Cao Xueqin describes their thoughts and motivations in such detail that one feels a part of their world. It's a great, sprawling story by a master story teller.
Great novel, great translation. [...]
I am not sure what to say about this book after reading only one volume. It is an exquisite blend of history, fantasy, magical realism, reality, riddle and of course Chinese philosophical witticisms. There are more than 550 characters in The Story of the Stone and many with very similar names. You must get familiar with at least 50 of these characters because they are not bit players. The plot(s) are intricate but not particularly hard to follow and the pace of reading is quite brisk and easily understandable. That in itself is an accomplishment since the story takes place in China around 250 years ago and revolves around lifestyles and customs that I would imagine that most Westerners are unfamiliar with. I actually read a review where someone compared this book with Buddenbrooks by Thomas Mann. I don't know about that, but the overview of the book is that it is about the decline and fall of two families. It is a highly enjoyable book.
Wonderful Classic
Fantastic condition
The translator notes,  the family tree diagram, and the character listing with description are well worth it.  Other translations are incomprehensible.
I loved this classic novel.  There are extravagant descriptions of the unbelievably lavish life-styles of those favored by the emperor, and some very surprising episodes which strike one as daring for the ancient times depicted, and thus "modern" although the values are conventional
This book is first of a five volume English translation of a Chinese classic, Dream of the Red Chamber (a.k.a. The Story of the Stone) composed by Cao Xueqin. It generally considered as one of China's Four Great Classical Novels. It was written sometime in the middle of the 18th century during the Qing Dynasty, and the setting of the story is early in the 18th century. This book was selected by Great Books KC group as our exposure to non-western literature for the year 2016. At the time Dream of the Red Chamber was selected for our schedule we didn't realize how long the complete work is. The Story of the Stone (1973–1980), the first eighty chapters translated by Hawkes and last forty by John Minford, consists of five volumes and 2,339 pages of actual core text (not including Prefaces, Introductions and Appendices). Total page count is 2,572. Our group decided to limit our discussion to the first volume as a more manageable reading assignment. I have no intention of completing the other four volumes any time in the foreseeable future. It's my understanding that the complete story is about the beginning grandeur and eventual decline of the aristocratic Jia family clan. As indicated by its title, The Golden Days, this first volume is focused on the beginning prosperous years. The book provides a detailed insight into wealthy Chinese cultural life of the time and the story's narrative includes frequent use of poetry. But this novel lays out a sprawling story line with numerous characters with names impossible for western readers to remember or pronounce. This is combined with excruciating details which at times can be beautiful, but overall becomes a heavy forest of words for the reader to slog through. Frankly, I didn't appreciate the experience very much. If I feel this way after the first volume I hate to imagine how I would feel should I manage to complete all five volumes.
David Hawke's English translation is probably the best version of this Chinese classic published so far. Item arrived in reasonable condition.
I got the book within 24 hours. It was amazingly fast service. However, perhaps it was too fast. The cover came torn and the back cover has a significant crease as it was bent back. I'm not too far into the book, but I'm enjoying it so far. The dings that were caused in transit aren't enough to upset me. Just something to be aware of when ordering.
I bought this book as a gift and the person likes the story very much!! I actually just bought her the first story, but I hope she will get the following volumes too. I myself have enjoyed this book in the original Chinese edition and have loved it since I first read it. Highly recommend!
It is a terrible translation. . Only buy it if you must
A great novel, the price is good too.
Read the whole series.  Great.
This particular version and translation of the novel is very enjoyable. I find it hard to understand since i bought this book for a college Asian literature class, however it had gotten me interested in The Dream of the red chamber was well as many of the films I've found. Futhermore, the condition of the book i received was new and I was very happy about that.
This is an awesome book.  It is one of a famous trilogy that I happened upon while I was searching for Judge Dee mysteries.  It is magical, marvelous, and absorbing.
It is fantastic. As we know it almost impossible to translate a classical Chinese novel into English without a 100% understanding of the Chinese culture and history. I have read the Chinese edition of this novel twice and I have been looking for an English translation of the novel, this one satisfies me quite well.
Not too much to say. Dream is amazing and I'll leave my commentary on the actual novel itself there. David Hawkes did a good job, but his translation is lacking in many ways. Dream is full of puns and other language/character specific nuances. Much of the deep irony and symbolism is lost in limp and at times flippant name translations and confusing reproductions of titles that can easily leave the reader scratching their head. His choice to translate from a combination of texts provides perhaps too many opportunities for translating to become editing and revision. Still a good buy if you have no investment in Dream as anything but a cool novel someone told you about, but for those seeking a closer reading, it would be best to at least have a Chinese version at hand for comparison.
The Story of the Stone is an absolutely delightful tale; I only wish I could secure volume 2 since there is so much anticipation at the end of volume 1. The translation is musical and the appearance of the book itself is lovely.
Haven't finished it yet, but so far no violence or sexual content.
This is a contemporary account of life in 18th-century China.  The author is a very intelligent observer of day-to-day life in that time.  As he goes through his daily routine he encounters eunuchs, concubines, slaves, etc., which he accepts as facts of life.  The days when these manifestations of the human condition would be viewed with horror seem far away.  This book would be of great interest to students of history, but might be a bit hard to stomach for others.  (I only read the 1st of 5 volumes.)
If you are going to buy this book make sure you get Vol. 2 as well. Or it would be better to buy another book that has the complete story. 红楼梦
Let me first explicate a bit - perhaps add a disclaimer is more like it - about my approach to the book as contrasted with the other reviewers and my so-so experience of reading it.  I am neither Chinese nor a Chinese scholar, as most of the reviewers seem to be.  My only experiences with Chinese literature heretofore are Ezra Pound's translations of poets such as Li-Po and other much older poets from the Tang Dynasty period.  Thus, my approach to the book has consisted of that of a lover of Western literature dipping his toe into what all seem to regard as THE masterpiece of Asian literature.  I'm sorry if my review disappoints or rankles the devotees of this book.  On the other hand, it was my experience in reading this first volume and the review remains truthful to it. First, I do concur that this volume was obviously a labour of love by English translator David Hawkes.  Indeed, I actually found his Introduction much more interesting than the book as a whole.  He goes well out of his way in both the Introduction and the Appendix to make things as easy on the English reader as possible.  Nevertheless, with 500+ characters and (according to both Hawkes and the Chinese reviewers/translators here) altogether too many puns and wordplay for the translator to convey them all, he is rather swimming against the tide.  Also, the turns of phrase and vocabulary employed by Hawkes are very British and quite archaic; and, whilst this was quite enjoyable to me, being a native of England and a lover of its literature, it does rather skew one's experience of reading it.  At times, Bao-yu and his feminine entourage come across as precocious flâneurs or "bright young things" - a phrase Hawkes actually employs - of Interwar Oxonian vintage. Be all this as it may, Cao Xueqin, or whoever wrote the first chapter (as this seems to be in scholarly dispute) anticipates my reaction to the book, in the form of the Stone in disquisition with Vanitas, from which I quote in part: "I do not claim that they are better people than the ones who appear in books written before my time; I am only saying that the contemplation of their actions and motives may prove a more effective antidote to boredom and melancholy." On the other hand, Mr. Stone, Vanitas might have replied, "It may not prove so."  It certainly did not with me, for various reasons.  It is not an unpleasant read.  There's a sort of shimmering, limpid quality to the characters and the setting.  There are even some pearls amidst the paste in the translated poetry, such as: "In vain we roam: Each in the end must call a strange land home." Or: "Heaped charnel-bones none can identify Were golden boys and girls in days gone by." But, to sum up, what is missing in all the courtier-like atmosphere and sycophantic poetics in most of this book is any sort of tension, or suspense, or, most of all, any sort of inner life at all.  Several reviewers here mention Shakespeare in comparison to Xueqin.  I simply can't imagine any of the famous soliloquies occurring in the work, or any intense focus on the inner travails of the individual which make him or her so much more important than the milieu in which s/he is situated.  Herein, everything is milieu.  A pleasant, interesting milieu, granted; but it's still mere milieu. I am full willing to grant that I may be missing something due to translation, or some idiosyncratic defect of my own, but I simply can't see, judging from this first volume, how this work can be considered great literature.
At the age of 19, I was involuntarily compelled to read an abbreviated translation of this novel (Dream of the Red Chamber). I remember how surprised I was to find that I enjoyed the experience. Life went on, but I thought of the book many times, and while recovering from surgery at the age of 40, it struck me that a re-read might speed me back to health. How lucky I was to have stumbled on this five-volume miracle of a translation, which is just worlds and galaxies and universes richer than that first version I’d read—and a whole lot longer, too. I’ve laughed and cried and puzzled and wondered my way through it many times since over the intervening 26 years. Reading it is an immersive experience on so many levels, and I am always amazed at how fully the author realizes his characters, some of whom are capable of making me admire them on one page, feel embarrassment for their foolishness on another, suffer with them through their losses, feel disgust at their insensitivity and even extreme cruelty, and yet still love them as human beings whose motivations I’ve come to understand intimately. Only a very few of the world’s greatest authors can render their characters in such glorious complexity, and for my money, Cao Xueqin is one of them. The author is as charismatic as they come. If you’re not yet a fan of Buddhist poetry, you soon will be. If you’re not yet into elaborate descriptions of Chinese aristocratic customs and manners now, your conversion is coming. If you think that tales of doomed teenage love are too sappy to bear, you’re going to drop that prejudice somewhere toward the end of Volume 4. And if you think it’s silly to cry buckets at the end of a novel, let Cao tell you why you’re wrong: When grief for fiction’s idle words More real than human life appears, Remember life itself’s a dream And do not mock the reader’s tears. See? The paperback copies I bought back in 1994 have been read many times and are still in decent shape. What’s not in decent shape is my eyesight, which is why my last couple of readings of “the stone” have been on Kindle. I hope to read it at least a few more times while I inhabit this incarnation.
This review applies to the first three volumes of this story. This is a typical Chinese fable  involving hundreds of characters. It follows the growth and interactions of a large well to do family and it's branches. This in itself makes it difficult to keep track of each one but it is made even more difficult because each character is referred to by more than one name. Their given name, their relationship name ( Auntie Xue..) and their nickname. Aside from that the storyline is rather mundane and does not move along at a satisfying pace. But the biggest complaint is the translation, I have read other Chinese fables and have found them a satisfying read however this translator seems to have written his own tale. And it is done more as an English Victorian tale in words and phrases rather than a Chinese fable.And in his lengthy introductions he admits he has taken liberties with the earlier manuscripts and translations. His language is not at all reminiscent of other Chinese translations in use of words or idioms . While there are more volumes left to read I will not go beyond the first 3.
This book is probably the best translation from Chinese into English. The choice of archaic English words and phrases preserves the tone and style of the original Classical Chinese texts. Even the poems when translated into English are rhythmic. The translator has a profound knowledge of Chinese culture, history and Buddhism. The story setting, complexity, entangled relationship among people, subtle feelings within characters are stunningly preserved. The main character Baoyu and Daiyu jumps out in front of you
This magical novel portrays a traditional society turned upside down: a boy who'd rather be a girl, women who are more powerful than men, and a faerie who delivers the most licentious of messages. Much of this panorama takes place within the tranquil gardens and hand-carved edifices of the Jia family mansions, where life is constantly in flux. Cao Xue-qin calls this The Land of Illusion, an ethereal contrast to the realm of the soul, where reality's as hard as rock but stones can talk; the author's interesting philosophy is presented with admirable wit and humility, too. Ontologically speaking, souls of all kinds travel between two realms that mirror each other on an elusive search for bliss. "Truth becomes fiction when the fiction's true;/ Real becomes not-real where the unreal's real," the novelist writes, only to lament, "The disillusioned to their convents fly;/The still deluded miserably die." Life for the Rong and Ning branches of the Jia family is painful, chaotic, and scandalous. Yet sophisticated readers will marvel at Cao's expressive art and soaring lyricism--and David Hawkes's English translation is superb in its life and immediacy. The protagonist Bao-yu's object of desire, the fragile and elusive Dai-yu, is, quite literally, a Crimson Pearl Flower incarnate, and the volatile relationship between them is beautifully rendered. Born with a shimmering piece of jade in his mouth, Bao-yu shares her mystical origins, to be certain, but sensing their bond, he struggles all the more for it. What is the essence of her, he seems to ask, and what is the essense of me? When, in a moment of levity, some feminine beauties ask him "wherein lies your preciousness and wherein lies your hardness," the question wryly ambiguous, Bao-yu concludes with innocence: "No real Bo-tree the body is,/The mind no mirror bright./On what could dust alight?" A Western reader might quarrel with his answer, but in Cao Xueqin's masterful hands, reality is a lump of jade we can kick--a realm where moments of truth will fade to laughter and celebration. My Titles     
I spend a lot of time wandering through bookstores.  One particular book has caught my eye over the years, and the other day I bought it - Volume 1 of Cao Xueqin's eighteenth century epic, "The Story of the Stone:  The Golden Days".  As a developing eighteenth century scholar, I was doubly attracted to it.  "The Golden Days" absolutely blew me away - used as I am to eighteenth century novels (British, French, American), this is wholly unlike anything I've read from the era.  It bears structural similarities to the Laurence Sterne's "Tristram Shandy" and "Sentimental Journey," but aside from that bears more in common with ancient Greek novels like Longus's "Daphnis and Chloe" or Heliodorus's "Eithopian Romance," as well as the mysticism of the ancient Egyptian "Story of the Shipwrecked Sailor."  And yet, Cao's attention to actual life experiences, and the detail he conveys about tradition and ceremony, along with frank dealings with human relationships and sexuality makes "The Golden Days" much more than any quick summary of style or content can relate. "The Golden Days" begins in amusing, but sympathetic fashion:  the goddess Nü-wa is repairing the sky with 36,501 stones.  When she finishes, one remains, which is cast off.  Having been touched by a goddess, this stone has magical properties, able to move, change size, and even talk.  One day, a Buddhist monk and a Taoist come upon the stone, and promise to let the stone have an adventure - to become human.  As the stone waits by a pond, it falls desperately in love with a Crimson Pearl Flower, which is also selected for incarnation by the Fairy Disenchantment.  The stone and the flower are incarnated as the novel begins in earnest, as a young minor nobleman named Jia Bao-yu, and a commoner related to the family, a girl named Lin Dai-yu - both unaware of their heavenly origins.  "The Golden Days" centers around the daily events and occurrences in the lives of these two teenagers, as they come to grips, as we all must, with human life. The Rong and Ning branches of the Jia family, on opposite sides of Two Dukes Street, are the centerpieces of the novel's action.  Like the "big house" fiction of the English eighteenth century, these ancestral manses provide a locus of activity, as the nobles, their extended families, friends, and servants mingle and interact constantly.  Cao marks himself as a remarkable author by the way he handles a massive cast of characters, letting us into the private lives and concerns of all ranks of society, as well as the forms of etiquette that determine their relationships.  Another terrific facet of the novel's construction is the almost stream of consciousness style Cao employs - as characters pass in and out of the immediate action of the novel, the narrative seems to choose the person it's most interested in and follow them for pages at a time, before seamlessly passing to the next character.  It's really quite amazing, how, in this way, we come to understand the motivations, fears, and hopes of so many individuals.  Time, distance, culture, Cao levels distinctions, making historical China accessible to even 21st century readers - he reduces people to their human concerns. Cao Xueqin's novel is also remarkable for what I can only call it's pro(to)-feminist tone.  While we are reminded by certain characters that male lineage is of major importance to the structure of the society, the narrative consistently shows the power, ability, and influence of women.  At the novel's beginning, a Taoist named Vanitas finds the stone, and is asked to transcribe its story, but complains initially that it is about a "number of females".  The stone obviously insists that the story be written out.  Later, Bao-yu, the major male character, says he is more comfortable around women - that they are like water, while men are like mud, castoffs, unclean.  One of the main characters of this volume is Wang Xi-feng, a young woman in her early twenties, who for an extended period, manages the affairs of both the Ning and Rong mansions.  Cao's respect and admiration for the strong women in Bao-yu's life:  Xi-feng, Dai-yu, and two particular servants, Aroma and Caltrop, is quite obvious and important to the novel. If you are like me, and know tragically little about Chinese literature and culture, Cao takes care of that too - there is a heavy emphasis throughout the novel on the cultural productions of China.  The book integrates a wide range of poetry, drama, fiction, folk wisdom, and mythology as a central part of Bao-yu and Dai-yu's upbringing.  One can sense Cao's insistence in the novel that education and cultural production is of vital importance, particularly to children.  While the Fairy Disenchantment seems to be the guiding spirit of the novel, hinting at the diappointments inevitable in the course of life, this is a novel about youth, and hope for the future, even in the midst of concern about how long prosperity can last.  Taken altogether, "The Golden Days" cannot be recommended enough.  David Hawkes's translation is first rate, and his introduction, pronunciation notes, and appendices are thorough and very helpful.
Written in 1750, The Story of the Stone is an impressive and fascinating tale that incorporates otherworldly magic and mysticism with the saga of wealthy Jia family.  The five-volume story chronicles the family's high-living glory days through their bitter decline, all the while immersing the reader in rich details of daily life in 18th century China.  I completely agree with the following quote from the Times Higher Educational Supplement: "an astonishing book.  It recreates a world that would otherwise be utterly lost."  Anyone even mildly interested in Chinese history and culture will be enthralled by this glimpse into the privileged world of wealthy 18th century Chinese. Author Cao Xueqin was truly a creative genius - Story of the Stone is multi-faceted, multi-dimensional, and superbly crafted. While reading the first chapter of the first book (Dream of the Red Chamber), I was struck with how utterly clever and imaginative the story is.  You will instantly be aware that you are reading something that has endured almost three hundred years for a very good reason.  The story is populated with dozens of wonderfully three-dimensional characters - many of whom are woven in and out of the story making for a most interesting read.  Most notable is the spoiled and curiously effeminate protagonist Jia Bao-yu, who possesses a special, magical item that I won't reveal here (don't want to spoil your enjoyment of the book!). All of the elements that make traditional Chinese literature such a joy to read are embodied in Story of the Stone.  Elaborate settings, delicate verse, and traditional symbolism (with a healthy dose of humor and bawdiness) create a beautiful and riveting story that will keep you wanting more.  I highly recommend reading the entire 5-book series.  It is impressive that a work can stand the test of time as well as Story of the Stone has. David Hawkes' fine translation is excellent.  Although some have criticized him for using too much "slang," I feel that his translation is effective in expressing the character's true sentiments, and it is tremendously easy to read.  Story of the Stone is an unforgettable and awesome read that I highly recommend.
Well, in my opinion anyway. David Hawkes has done an amazing job translating this brilliant 18th-century novel into colloquial modern English. I have read all the translations-- this is my favorite novel, and this is by far the best version for an English speaker who just wants a good book. I can imagine that a Chinese reader could pick holes in this translation, as I could nitpick at a translation of Shakespeare-- the wealth of the original is impossible to transfer whole into another language and culture. If you want a word-for-word translation so you can use this as a study guide while you read the Chinese, maybe the wooden Beijing Languages version could help you! But I have a hard time imagining any new translation being more vivid and fun to read than this one. Yes, it is littered with sometimes annoying Britishisms. That is the price of a colloquial translation! It's true that Hawkes does not explain all the references-- that would be another book in itself.  And I am sure he made mistakes-- I help a French translator occasionally and even though he is very well-versed in English, it is so easy for him to miss something that only a cultured native speaker could pick up. But this translation is ALIVE. Until that perfect translation comes along one day, Hawkes's is still better than all the others. Be grateful to him! (2003)
The Dream of the Red Chamber (The Story of the Stone) starts off as an immensely long inscription on a miraculous stone which was copied out by a visiting man and taken down into the world for publication. Volume 1 gives the account of the magic stone's origin, renders the discourse redolent of a supernatural, mystical overtone. Once upon a time a piece of stone that was unworthy to be used for repairing the sky possessed magic power and ended up in the mortal world. The unhappy stone incarnated and lived out the life of a man before finally attaining nirvana and returning to what Buddhist refers as the "other shore." Jai Baoyu is the incarnation of the stone. The name "bao-yu" means "treasured jewel" and was named after the wonderful incident that the only surviving son of the Jia household was born with a piece of spotless jade in his mouth. Lin Daiyu, Baoyu's teary cousin with a superior intelligence, is the incarnation of the Crimson Pearl Flower, which the unhappy stone once conceived a fancy that he took to watering everyday so the flower was able to shed the form of a plant and became a girl. The consciousness that she owed the stone ensued her to repay him with the tears shed during the whole of a mortal lifetime if they were ever to be reborn as humans in the world beneath. It was no wonder when Daiyu first saw her cousin, who had tyrannized the household, hated studies, and spent most of his time in women's quarters, it was as though she had seen him somewhere before, like a déjà vu. Aside from the ethereal origin, the first volume of The Dream of the Red Chamber depicts a fairly eventual record of a great Manchu household (Qing Dynasty) under the tutelage of the Imperial family in early 18th century China. It's the picture of daily routines in the life that emerge most vividly from its discourse. The Jia household is genuinely disguised as some highborn aristocrats whose ancestors were ennobled for their military powers. This first installment of five parts, titled Golden Days, captures the Jias at the hi-time in which members of the Rong-guo mansion and the Ning-guo mansion dressed in silk, ate delicately, pampered by a domestic hierarchy of servants and maids, when they were still nested in the protecting shadow of the ancestors and the readily accessible wealth. The family's decline and fall constitute the general background of the novel. With over 500 characters, thousands of one-hit appearances and a skein of household members and their distant relations of the clan, reading of The Dream of the Red Chamber will be more pleasurable and rewarding with the family genealogy handy. The book has a general flow of daily happenings and inter-family drama, with an emphasis on the relationship between Jia Baoyu and Lin Daiyu. Household activities, domestic anecdotes, subbing rivalries, seditious schemes, love affairs, contention between concubines, political intrigues, black magic, witchcraft, and even murder constitute to the pages of this Chinese epic that evokes Remembrance of Things Past and One Hundred Years of Solitude. The heart of the novel is the pre-destined relationship between a semi-ethereal entity and magic stone under the context of the Buddhist understanding that earthly existence is an illusion. This meeting, though is meant to be, is in vain, one that is full of tears. When the fairy led Baoyu into the land of illusion and showed him his fate, he could scarcely make out of what he saw. Nature might have endowed him an eccentric obtuseness of a simpleton. How does one expect a 13-year-old (scholars deem him to be 13 throughout most of the book) to recognize and seize his destiny? The fairy showed him not only his life cycle but also the romantic passions, love debts, heartbreaks of dust-stained human world. Baoyu was destined to mingle with girls around him. The ancestors thought Baoyu had inherited a perverse, intractable nature that rendered him eccentric and emotionally unstable. Exposure to the worldly illusions of decay might hopefully succeed in enlightening, awakening, and transforming him. Daiyu seems to know Baoyu more thoroughly than anyone does. She is able to nail his problem despite her occasional tiff with him over trivial matters. Baoyu always complained about people's getting angry with whatever he did, but he never realized how much he had provoked them at the first place. Couplets, poems, and verses in the novel hint at his friendlessness in the mortal world and the incessant debate over the depth of his relation with Daiyu. The roaming back and forth, sink and soar between sorrow and elation between the two incarnated cousins constitute to the understanding that earthly existence is indeed a transience but karma determines the shape of one's life and the life after. This idea of life being a dream from which one eventually awakes is a Buddhist tenet, but the incorporation of it into the novel becomes a poetic gesture to demonstrate that the main character (Baoyu) is indicative to the author. The Dream of the Red Chamber in Chinese has the connotation of being rich and grand. The title can refer to a dream of the vanished splendor and opulence. The frequent use of dream imagery implies the possibility that the luxurious world of the author's youth, which he attempted to reconstruct, had vanished so utterly at the time of writing. The story of the Jias closely accorded with fortunes of Cao's own family, which attained its height under the reign of Kangxi. But the exact relationship existing between characters of the novel and members of Cao family is uncertain and discreet. Baoyu is assured to be author's self-portrait, whose struggle towards emotional maturity was delineated with an affluence of nuance. Other characters could be compsite of several family members over different generations for the purpose of disguising facts.
I'm surprised that I had never heard of this novel until recently. Covering five volumes and over 2,000 pages, it was written in the eighteenth century and depicts the life of the aristocracy in ancient China.  The first volume introduces us to many characters, and it's tough getting them all sorted out, mostly due to names that are quite foreign to Western readers.  However, the narrative is so natural and flows so easily, I found it quite easy to submerge myself in the story.  Perhaps the translation is to be credited, because although the tale is set over 250 years ago, I never felt as though the characters were anything but recognizably human.  I intend to read the remaining four volumes.  Quite absorbing and unique.
I just finished a class devoted to the study of The Story of the Stone (aka Honglou Meng, Dream of the Red Chamber) and feel completely awed by the complexity and skill of Cao Xueqin. This novel thoughtfully and naturally weaves together several timeless human themes. If you enjoy literature which requires analysis at several different levels simultaneously, you'll love this book. Two notes for those who don't speak Chinese: 1)Learning the characters' names is difficult even for those with a background in Chinese, but the translator does do readers a favor by translating servants' names into English equivalents/approximations while leaving the names of the main family members in (romanized) Chinese. 2)Keep in mind that two of the most important families are named Jia and Zhen, which mean "false, phony, artificial" and "true, real, genuine" respectively. (This is just one of many iinteresting and meaningful messages inevitably lost in translation) Also, in my opinion, the first three volumes (written by Cao) are much better than the last two volumes (written by Gao E). Still, it's interesting to compare the ways Gao changes the story.
I love the Story of the Stone, and overall I enjoyed this translation (in fact I read all five volumes!!). The only things I didn't like was the use of modern english slang in some areas, and the poetry translations. Otherwise, the set is a marvelous translation of a great classic. The Story of the Stone is a novel that should be included in any true curriculum of the "great books". There are sequences that are emotionally moving and powerful. This is the most complete translation in English I am aware of.
This is the first volume of a 5 volume series, and does not stand alone. If you read it, and enjoy it, be prepared to read the other four volumes. The story is difficult to begin with, not for lack of interest, but because of the complexity of Chinese names for the western reader. The book is  provided with a useful list of characters for each volume, and after  referring to this during the first half of the first volume, all becomes  clearer for the remainder of the book. The story itself is a fascinating  picture of life in 18th century China, and portrays the development of a  young boy who has otherworldly origins. The western reader needs to view  dispassionately the Buddhist theme which pervades the novel, but when read  with an open mind, the philosophy underlying the novel is both charming and  practical (in its own way). I found the book addictive, though it has to  be said that others of my acquaintance found it too difficult to cope with,  and abandoned the story before the end of the first volume. If you  persevere, it forms a wonderful introduction to classical Chinese  literature, and those similarly addicted will find it leads into many other  books of Chinese prose and poetry.
The reader will be disappointed if he is expecting lots of thrills and twists and turns. This is not that kind of book. Rather, Story provides an engaging peek into the lives of an upper-class family in feudal China. The story takes a little patience at the beginning due to the large number of characters. But the reader will soon realise that how the characters are related to one another is not crucial to appreciating the book. Rather, each character has its own personality, strengths and weaknesses, and comes alive in its own right. I believe that the reader will, like me, come to feel for the characters in no time and look forward to finding out how their lives evolved in the later four volumes. David Hawkes' translation cannot be faulted. The writing flows easily and the flavour of the allegories and poetry are, to a large extent, retained.
* A Non-Chinese reader should beware of the fact that no matter how good 'Dream of Red Chamber' is translated into English, the gap between English & Chinese original is still huge, for several reasons: 1. The language Cao used is not the Mandarin that Chinese are using today, they were more subtle, superb, to the degree that author is capable to densify and enliven a whole paragraph in English into several sentences. (I will take some examples later...) 2. Cao was born from a noble family, he was well trained in Ancient Chinese Philology, Prosody, Rhetoric, thus the gamut of knowledge and references cause huge problems not only for Western Scholars (which are very few), but also Eastern Stone-Scholars. 3. The vissicitude of Cao's family is unimaginable to a modern reader, the richness of language, emotion and situation in which the author wrote this book render more subtlety than modern readers can fathom and writers alike to apply. 4. Too many puns, quibbles, word plays and moods of Chinese poetry are heavily distorted by both English and translator, and the names Cao gave to the characters always 'imply' something: Jia BaoYu (贾宝玉）implies 'precious jade', Lin DaiYu （林黛玉），黛 had several meanings, it can be used to describe a beauty, green color or the the material women used to draw eyebrows, of course it's an extremely feminine Chinese character for women. Xue BaoChai (薛宝钗）implies 'precious hairpin', Etc.... I am distraught by the fact that the translator never mentioned on this. * I will take one paragraph from Chapter 27 in Volume II, if you don't understand Chinese, you can compare the length of them. 紫鹃雪雁素日知道林黛玉的情性 ：无事闷坐 ，不是愁眉 ，便是泪眼 ，且好端端的不知为了什么 ，常常的便自泪自叹的 。先时还有人解劝 ，或怕他思父母 ，想家乡 ，受了委曲 ，只得用话宽慰解劝 。谁知后来一年一月的竟常常的如此 ，把这个样儿看惯 ，也都不理论了 。所以也没人理 ，由他去闷坐 ，只管睡觉去了 。那林黛玉倚着床栏杆 ，两手抱着膝 ，眼睛含着泪 ，好似木雕泥塑的一般 ，直坐到二更多天方才睡了 。一宿无话 。至次日乃是四月二十六日 ，原来这日未时交芒种节 。尚古风俗 ：凡交芒种节的这日 ，都要设摆各色礼物 ，祭饯花神 ，言芒种一过 ，便是夏日了 ，众花皆卸 ，花神退位 ，须要饯行 。然闺中更兴这件风俗 ，所以大观园中之人都早起来了 。那些女孩子们 ，或用花瓣柳枝编成轿马的 ，或用绫锦纱罗叠成旄尾执事的 ，都用彩线系了 。每一颗树上 ，每一枝花上 ，都系了这些物事 。满园里绣带飘飖 ，花枝招展 ，更兼这些人打扮得桃羞杏让 ，燕妒莺惭 ，一时也道不尽 。 Nightingale and Snowgoose had long since become habituated to Dai- yu's moody temperament; they were used to her unaccountable fits of depression, when she would sit, the picture of misery, in gloomy silence broken only by an occasional gusty sigh, and to her mysterious, perpetual weeping, that was occasioned by no observable cause. At first they had tried to reason with her, or, imagining that she must be grieving for her parents or that she was feeling homesick or had been upset by some unkindness, they would do their best to comfort her. But as the months lengthened into years and she still continued exactly the same as before, they gradually became accustomed and no longer sought reasons for her behaviour. That was why they ignored her on this occasion and left her alone to her misery, remaining where they were in the outer room and continuing to occupy themselves with their own affairs. She sat, motionless as a statue, leaning against the back of the bed, her hands clasped about her knees, her eyes full of tears. It had already been dark for some hours when she finally lay down to sleep. Our story passes over the rest of that night in silence. Next day was the twenty- sixth of the fourth month, the day on which, this year, the festival of Grain in Ear was due to fall. To be precise, the festival's official commencement was on the twenty- sixth day of the fourth month at two o'clock in the afternoon. It has been the custom from time immemorial to make offerings to the flower fairies on this day. For Grain in Ear marks the beginning of summer; it is about this time that the blossom begins to fall; and tradition has it that the flower- spirits, their work now completed, go away on this day and do not return until the following year. The offerings are therefore thought of as a sort of farewell party for the flowers. This charming custom of `speeding the fairies' is a special favourite with the fair sex, and in Prospect Garden all the girls were up betimes on this day making little coaches and palanquins out of willow- twigs and flowers and little banners and pennants from scraps of brocade and any other pretty material they could find, which they fastened with threads of coloured silk to the tops of flowering trees and shrubs. Soon every plant and tree was decorated and the whole garden had become a shimmering sea of nodding blossoms and fluttering coloured streamers. Moving about in the midst of it all, the girls in their brilliant summer dresses, beside which the most vivid hues of plant and plumage became faint with envy, added the final touch of brightness to a scene of indescribable gaiety and colour. * Thus for those who think this book is greatly written, you are right, but the original one is incomparably more gorgeous.
I think the most important quality of this piece of literature that qualifies it among the all-time classics is the layering of progressive ideas within traditional Chinese philosophy and structure. The oppression censorship required Cao Xueqin to disguise all relatively innovative and rebellious themes under apparent themes of acceptance the current political and cultural status quo. The strict censorship also explains why the final editors toned down the material before publishing the novel and the last 2 volumes fail to remain faithful to the true gold of the first 3 volumes.  All good literature questions society and the individual, a skill in which Cao Xueqin proves to master. I highly recomend this book to any patient readers. If you struggle with deciphering the complex web of Chinese philosophy, I also recommend reading Andrew Plaks' "Archetype and Allegory in Dream of the Red Chamber".
This book was fascination not only for the cultural review of 1700's in Manchu (Qing Dynasty) China and aristocratic households of the day, but also for the introspective look at family dynamics and confucian practices in the time.  With the tragic/romantic form of writing one feels a longing to understand how different life was in those times and places.  I also got a great feel for what the writers intent was and the criticisms of political changes through the translaters appendixi and annotations.  Great reading for thinkers!
I put it down after about 40 pages, just better things to do with my time. Boring
I found it hard going, when I started to read it. Perhaps it would suit someone more able than me. Perhaps given more time, I will try again.
I wouldn’t call this an exciting story however it is fascinating to see into the way of life of the very rich.
Following on from Michael Wood's BBC series on the history of China, I bought several books, including this one. I am enjoying reading it and will continue with the next book in the series when I have finished this first novel in the series.
Excellent translation.  Fascinating.
enjoyable funny insight into a world that no-longer exists , but every character recognizable in their flaws and failings and all the more loveable for that fact
Perfect present
Brilliant.
Good read
I thought I'd sample some Oriental literature and decided to dive into this epic family saga. Having read this first volume and the second volume, I am very happy with my purchase. It is tough to familiarise yourself with all the different characters in the book, but very soon you realise that the abundance of people within this one family household is one of the delights of the story. There's always something going on, be it the concerns of the aged Grandmother Jia, the loveable oddities of Bao Yu, or the frettings of the vast array of maids. Don't expect anything dramatic to happen every twenty pages otherwise you'll be disappointed. This novel moves very slowly. But it is meant to be realistic and this again is part of the charm. Through reading its pages you learn a lot about Chinese culture of that time and this is exciting in its own way. I read the first volume and fell in love with the characters so much that I could not conceive of not carrying on with the remaining four volumes. I think that is a testament to how good the book is and, indeed, the translation.
As I was pondering what to read next, I realized that this piece of work, which runs to nearly 2,200 pages (double the size of War and Peace), will be a perfect foil for the long evenings during the Covid-19 lockdown period. I started reading in earnest on May 1 and finished it on May 31. The 18th century saga, which is believed to be based on the author’s own life and intended as a memorial to the twelve Nanjing women that he knew in his youth, maps the rise and fall of two closely-related noble families. The characters, profligate by nature, waste away the immense ancestral wealth in frivolous activities, and often times find themselves on the wrong side of the law. Imperial authorities confiscate the family properties once their misdeeds come to light. After much tragedy, the family is eventually restored to its former position by the Emperor. And in-between all this fateful happenings, the great passions and follies plays out in full flow, which in a contrasting manner are set against the backdrop of the Karmic Law that lays emphasis on the intemperance of life on earth. Overall, the book is full of details relating to the social, cultural and spiritual life of the time. The Penguin translation was titled “The Story of the Stone” based on the novel’s frame story in which a sentient heavenly stone is sent to earth to live out the drama of human passion (one of the main characters, Jia Bao Yu, is born with a jade in his mouth thereby suggesting that he was the sentient stone sent to earth by two enigmatic Taoist and Buddhist priests). I still wish the Penguin had gone with the title “Dream of the Red Chamber” instead of “The Story of the Stone”. I think the title “Dream…” conveys a better sense of the underlying theme than the “Stone…”. The novel has some spectacular supernatural elements. Volume 1 has some good dose of the supernatural, but in sharp contrast, Volume 2 is completely devoid of it. Volume 3 has one or two sequences. It picks up pace in Volume 4 and reaches the zenith in Volume 5. The dreams, nightmares, premonitions, seances, and apparitions can spook anybody and borders on the horror genre. However, all the sequences are so beautifully blended into the narrative in such a way that they don’t feel out of place. Somehow, all those supernatural elements feel “real” like how one would feel the happenings in a dream as “real.” That is the big success of this novel. When the going is good, none of the characters pay heed to any of the superstitions, but as their fortunes begin to dwindle, you can observe that one by one slowly falling prey to many superstitious practices. This is a great insight into people’s psychology of clinging on to a sense of certainty and security as the world around them crumbles. None of the characters can either be classified as “good” or “bad” in binary terms. Each one has their good side as well as the bad side. Perhaps this is the great strength of the novel as it lays emphasis on the shades of grey when it comes to judging a person’s actions. Often times, you can justify a character’s actions from his or her point of view but cannot be justified from the other’s person’s perspective. One can spend a lifetime researching this novel. Don’t hesitate to enter the dream world created by the good old Cao Xueqin.
Tremendous achievement on David Hawkes' part. Very good this is available on Amazon Kindle.
Es uno de los mejores libros que he leído. Tengo los cinco volúmenes en tapa blanda y me lo compraría para kindle si no fuera porque el vol.III no está en ese formato! Por qué cuatro volúmenes si y uno no? Por fin el vol.III!! Gracias!!!
The book is fantastic and pretty interesting however the book did not arrive in excellent conditions.
hier ein paar Attribute zum Buch: * gutes Englisch erforderlich * enormer Umfang * überraschend mystisch * insgesamt Genre schwer einzuordnen
Slow start and must be confusing for the Western reader who are not familiar with Chinese culture.  Lots of names and inter-relationship between the characters to get to grip with. Book 1 & 2 is all about the good life.... lots of eating, partying and generally having a good time.  The translation is good and I think it's a great idea to leave main characters' names as it is pronounced in Chinese but the maids etc are translated into easy to remember English names.  Overall, enjoying the read and can't wait to go through the whole 5 volume to find out what happen.
la roman a une très belle couverture avec la culture chinoise forte et attractive.  c'est la meilleure version anglaise que j'ai jamais savoir, non seulement pour les lecteurs occidentaux, mais pour les lecteurs chinois aussi.
Sehr interessant und auch überraschend kurzweilig wird das Alltagsleben einer großen chinesischen Adelsfamilie beschrieben. Der Band ist mit "The Golden Days" untertitelt, und diesen Eindruck hat man beim Lesen auch: Der Überfluss und die Dekadenz, die Ritualfixierung des Alltagslebens und der ständige Ennui bei gleichzeitiger dauernder Unruhe dieser privilegierten Schicht wird sehr plastisch geschildert. Diese Kapitel des Romans wirken unbeschwert und leicht; vom späteren Niedergang ist noch nichts spürbar. Der Leser, der moderne Romane gewohnt ist, wird sich auf ein paar Eigenheiten der klassischen chinesischen Romane einstellen müssen. Auch wenn das vorliegende Werk das Erbe der mündlichen Weitergabe schon deutlich hinter sich lässt, sind immer noch typische Merkmale, wie die Einleitungsgedichte, die Kapitelschlussformulierung und die in Gedichtform eingestreuten Umgebungsbeschreibungen vorhanden. Auch der für chinesische Romane typische Überfluss an Personen kann etwas einschüchternd wirken, gerade zu Beginn; die ersten 5 Kapitel sind nicht leicht zu lesen, danach wird es deutlich besser verständlich, wenn die wichtigsten Figuren eingeführt sind. Man darf natürlich bei diesem Werk auch keine sprachliche Ausgefeiltheit wie bei Mann oder eine Charakterisierung wie bei Dostojewskij erwarten, dazu ist die Gattung bei diesem Roman noch nicht weit fortgeschritten genug. Trotzdem bietet sich dem Leser ein Familiendrama, das einen schnell in seinen Bann zieht. Der hier vorliegende Band 1 enthält die Kapitel 1 bis 26 (von 120), man muss sich also auch die anderen 4 Bände zulegen, um die Geschichte ganz zu lesen. Eine gelungene Einführung und äußerst hilfreiche Familienstammbäume runden das Werk ab. Die Übersetzung von David Hawkes ist sehr gelungen und hat neben einigen leseerleichternden Kunstkniffen (Namensübersetzung von Nebenpersonen) auch einen sehr angenehmen Fluss zu bieten, in dem weder die (homo-)sexuellen Anspielungen noch die teilweise deftige Sprache untergehen. Wem dieses Werk gefällt, kann sich auch "Die Gelehrten" (Rulin Waishi, "The Scholars") ansehen, da sowohl Thematik als auch Stil recht ähnlich sind.
I have long sought to start reading this six volume story - a classical Chinese story and I find a reasonably priced copy in USA - order it - Lo! It is delivered efficiently - good deal. Great.
I was rather taken in by other reviews.  This book is very difficult to "get into" and the extensive preamble, really intended for more scholarly minds than mine, is very off-putting.  I have put the book away for the time being , probably a better read on cold winter nights
In spite of enthusiastic reviews, most Westerners will find this hard going, although it does illustrate the weird formalistic and ritualistic life-style and etiquette of high-up Chinese in the 18th century, when coming up with the right poem at the right time seemed to be the key to advancement. Good as an insight into this strange life-style, but repetitive. Could n't face another four volumes!
good
The book arrived on time and in a pristine condition, as described. Thank you very much.
There is no denying that Dream of Red Mansions (Hong Lou Meng) is an important piece of Chinese literature. However, I did not really enjoy this book. I found the characters to be frustrating and the pace slow. Although this is the abridged version, it is still extremely long and not an easy read. I can't imagine how long reading the unabridged version would take. Although I did not enjoy reading this book, it is a critical piece of Chinese literature. The book moves slowly through various episodes in Jia Biaoyu and Lin Diayu's life, demonstrating a new type of novel - the "chain-link" novel that could be read by the masses. The book also gives insight to Chinese culture. While not my personal taste, this is a good book for those studying Chinese literature.
the book was stuck and squeezed too hard into the mailbox, therefore, the cover is kind of scratched and the surface of the paper broke a little bit.  Since it is a gift, I am not quite like it this time.
This is a must read for every culture. Beautifully written novel based on Chinese history during the end of the Ching dynasty. Difficult to set down once you pick it up.
A Dream of Red Mansions is a wonderful book to read over and over again you will come away with a different feeling every time you read it.
This translation conveniently comes in a complete set of 4 volumes.  The cost per book is great, at a little over $7 per book vs. the $14 per book for Penguin's 5-volume series. Each volume is quite thick.  The entire series is a little over 2,500 pages, so it'll take a long time to read.  I find the translation to be satisfactory, especially of the poems.  The story is engrossing and keeps me turning page after page.  I often go back to reread beautiful passages.  Occasionally there are some illustrations. There are some areas in which the book could improve. -The multitude of characters and relationships makes it difficult to follow sometimes.  There is a family tree on one page, but the printing is unclear and small.  I had to find a family tree online to consult instead. -The glossary is too brief.  I wish that the notes were in more detail, as sometimes I feel I am missing out a lot of the symbolism and such while reading the book. -Lastly, I wish that the aesthetics of the book matched the beauty of the story more.  It's slightly unfortunate that they just put the title in the Impact font on the spine...
The Foreign Language Press has also translated the other 3 greats of Chinese literature: - Journey to the West - Outlaws of the Marsh - Romance of the Three Kingdoms I have read all of the previous 3 and been favorably impressed in the quality of the translations as well as the comprehensiveness of including the full novel. Other translations I have tried to read had more flowery but less accurate prose, or were abridged. It also helps that they are using modern Romanization guides vs. the old Wade-Giles, which is a must for anyone taking Chinese classes (as the Wade-Giles system has been out of use for decades). If you have never read one of these four classics, then don't look anywhere else and get this version of the books. If you have tried to read these before in a different setting but been unhappy, then give these a go.  This is as good as it gets and you owe is to yourself to re-read them in a correct translation. Yes, the pages can be thin at times but that's a minor annoyance compared to the quality of the translation/text.
This is long and very detailed and discusses chinese life at a time in history, ,but it takes commitment to read it.  Kind of like War and Peace, sometimes too long and frustrating as you read, but wonderful once you finish
It will take a while to finish, but I love the book so far!
I love these books!  I love the font, the size of the books and just tge general feel of them!  I truly enjoy reading and I have a deep desire to learn about other cultures and their stories!
I've stumbled upon an abbreviated version of this book, which contained only 500 pages, and I've so fallen in love with it that I had to purchase the whole rendering, which amounts to almost 2000 pages. There are two fully unabridged translations, and this one is simply excellent. Unlike some other reviewers I find the English language here more than adequate, and the style more than satisfactory, doing honor to the unique original book, I'm sure. The story takes place in old China, describing the life of a young nobleman,- inspired by the author's only son who died young,- his rich background, his loves and disappointments, all that in a mystical way yet with the most elaborated accent on the noble family's daily-life. There are no words to describe the fascination,- the aesthetic appeal that looms from every page,- the garden-scenes which get names in the form of short poems (not unlike the Haiku and Tanka traditional Japanese poems, probably inspired by this Chinese tradition). Reading this book makes the reader actually earn a PHD on the classical Chinese culture of 200-300 years ago, including their costumes, their habits,- (burying faded flowers, crying over them,- can there be anything more touching,- and charming?), their political plots,- the family described being that of noble people who serve the Emperor,- the differences between the masters and the servants, their foods, their sicknesses and cures. You walk with the heroes in their exquisite gardens, full of artificial mountains, brooks, bridges, and of course exotic trees and flowers, you breathe the typical scents, get acquainted with their daily life, the ranks of importance inside the family, (the old widowed grandmother being like their queen, entitled to beat her grownup sons with a cane...) the strict rules of courtship and marriage, their strange illnesses and remedies. Moreover, since the Chinese used to believe in tangible Gods and Goddesses, the other world mixes invariably with this life, and dreams can be simply visits beyond the clouds. Just like Shakespeare, this author too brings ghosts, Gods, magic spells and items into the plots, making the reader swim in the book as if inside the huge brain of interlaced heaven and earth, feasting on both interchangeably. Then come the intricate plots, many of them, interwoven in each other, each one a little drama in the best Shakespearean style, people living and dying for jealousy, envy, greed, treachery, chastity, love,- not unlike Romeo and Juliet, not Italian but Chinese. This book is simply unique, a marvel of beauty, tragedies, exultations, all discovered on each page. Maybe I should simply say that it's the most beautiful book I've ever read. Mind you, I have nothing to do with China, so I am impartial. Recommended with 50 stars out of 5!!! Enjoy!!!By the way it's been one of the 10 bestsellers of all times. So, I'm not alone. Join the "Redists", as the admirers of this book are officially called.... You'll find in it surprises of all kinds you've never dreamt of!!
I found that it was difficult to follow in spite of being very motivated. It may be a cultural thing so I am going to try to donate it to the the Asian history department of my local university.
This is a wonderful translation. I have read both the Hawkes before, and though it is said to be more poetic, he also takes far more license to create his desired effects. This translation is far more faithful to the original and allows more of the multidimensional layers from the original to come out.
Present Chinese culture rests on seven pillars. One of these is the sayings of Kung Fu Tse, the others are found embodied in the "Four Classics", of which this is one. An easy read, an easy interpretation. Highly recommend for any traveler, and those who want to understand our Oriental Neighbor.
I love this story, I have read several different translated versions and this one seems to cover the most in a very condensed paper back. The Original book is over 5000 pages I think and that is before the follow up author took it upon himself to finish the 1835 original unfinished work. Le's put it this way there are several movies the most recent with English sub titles is 28 episodes each an hour and a half long
Perfect
This is the story of a great Chinese family in decline.  It is told mainly through the lives of the women and servants of the family and a boy who loved the company of the maids who surround him.  The attention to every domestic detail is delightful.  I think the story takes place in the 17th century.  I don't think it can be read in a hurry.  One needs to be alert while reading so it is not a bedtime book. Allow a year or so to enjoy it.  I return to it again and again.
Not a good translation and hard to follow. I wish the translation was better into what is a classic book with many meanings.
This Chinese classic still has the power to surprise and delight.  This edition has good footnotes and good translation, and nice illustrations, though there are some typos and the print is smaller than I'd like.  I bought it used, and it was in very good condition.
I HEARD OF THIS CHINESE CLASSIC OF LITERATURE AND WAS ABLE TO ENJOY SOME SCENES FROM THE STORY WHEN I VISITED BEIJING, CHINA AND GOT TO VIEW A MAGNIFICENT SCREEN CONTAINING 60 PANELS CONSTRUCTED FOR THE EMPEROR AND CURRENTLY ON DISPLAY AT THE SUMMER PALACE IN NORTHWEST BEIJING. THE SCREEN WAS CREATED FROM PRECIOUS AND SEMI-PRECIOUS MATERIALS AND STANDS 2 METERS TALL. EVERY PANEL IS STRIKING IN APPEARANCE AND CONVINCED ME TO READ THE TRANSLATED VERSION OF THE STORY, BECAUSE OF THE DEDICATION OF ALL OF THE ARTISANS THAT CREATED SUCH AN IMPORTANT DEPICTION OF THE CLASSIC STORY.
Good
Totally engrossing.  The reader becomes enmeshed in the family and their day to day events. A great read.  Reads like a diary.
Was given as a Christmas gift to my mother in law.  She was very happy with the set.
I have this version as well as the one by the name "The Story of the Stone" translated by David Hawkes. I prefer this version over the other because it is straight to the point and, for some reason, I am able to enjoy and visualize the story better. The other book does have nice prose. However, it can feel like it's dragging on.
good book long on some chapter lots of explain but still good
gift
it is good present for sb want to read this book
Not a great translation
This book is like Anna Karenina in the following ways: Both are masterpieces of epic proportions. Both are considered contenders for being the greatest works of fiction in their respective languages. Both deal with large, upper class families and the lifestyle and intrigue involved. Both are works of realism and paint a complete picture of a society. A Dream of Red Mansions focuses on the love between Baoyu, an unusual child in his early teens who is temperamental and spends most of his time with the girls in the family mansion and Daiyu, a delicate, sensitive and yet witty and extremely clever girl. The two grow up as children and live in the same mansion but the family does not hurry to marry them off as they have other plans for Baoyu. This is the main thread that runs through the novel's amazing 120 chapters. The other sublots are very numerous - there are hundreds - but none of them are sustained for the whole book. The main part of the book is the set of characters. Again there are hundreds but a few main ones which become the most interesting in this drama. There's the conniving Xifeng, Baoyu's strict father, Baoyu's assertive "other love" Baochai and the like. Unlike Anna Karenina, this book is full of humour, jokes and poems (which was where I think the translation failed the most as Chinese poetry rendered into English seems to lose the plot!). It contains moments of great sadness but also wit and quirkiness. There's been controversy with the amazon reviews of this particular translation. I don't speak Chinese so can't judge it but reading the text, it seemed fine. I guess if I saw another or the original it would change my mind but this one isn't too bad. The novel deals with so many topics that you really get an overview of what life in 18th century upper class urban China was about. It is VERY long but it's amazing how in relating heaps and heaps of seemingly trivial incidents you grow to love many of the characters. It's like most novels are like meeting someone and hence only seeing what they want to show while this novel is like living with them. And trivialities aside, it's very moving. A must for all interested in Chinese society or who don't mind persevering through 1200 pages to read a one of the world's unusual and amazing dynasty chronicles and love stories.
There are two complete, unabridged translation of the greatest Chinese classical novel of manners "Dream of the Red Chamber".  One is the Penguin classics version translated by Oxford doyen David Hawkes and his son-in-law John Minford, now available on paperbacks in 5 volumes under the alternate title "The Story of the Stone".  The other is this China Foreign Language Press version made in the late 1970s by Chinese translators Yang Xianyi and his wife Gladys. With all due respects to the Yangs, their translation just isn't on par with the Penguin's.  The original novel is a paragon of how the classical vernacular Chinese language should be written; Yangs' version is stodgy and half-hearted and captures none of the elegance and depth of the original.  Their English borders on paraphrase at times and they don't appear to bother about stylistic recreation, eg. some sentences don't sound native at all - "The arrival of the edict rejoiced the hearts of all officials".  Believe me, reading the original is much, much better. The Yangs' works could be serviceable (as in their decent Lu Hsun) but this version of "Dream of the Red Mansions" is embarassingly outclassed by a far superior and more idiomatic rendition: David Hawkes's version is simply unparalleled and a labor of love. Given a choice between the two translations, it's a no-brainer: the Penguin is the winner anytime.
The Debt of Tears refers to Lin Daiyu's plaintive, obdurate settlement of her debt with fate and her surrender to lonely circumstances of death. Events in this despondent installment afford layers in increasing intensity of poignancy that presage Lin Daiyu's death and Baoyu's erroneous marriage to Bao-chai at the insistence of the Jias. The volume begins with an ailing Lin Daiyu dreaming a bad dream that confronts her pent-up fear and fevered mind. Like a rope on a pulley Daiyu's hopes and fears spin up and down with sighs and tears. Her health takes a huge toll and deteriorates drastically. The critical nature of her condition both alarms and frightens the maids who for fear of Baoyu's lapsing into delirium decides to conceal from him. While Daiyu harbors an acute sense of insecurity being an outsider in the Jias mansion and broods about being at the mercy of the Jias, the family deliberately reconsiders the auspicious match between jade and the golden locket. Baochai is crowned with praise for having the aplomb of someone twice her age. Her virtuous disposition finds favor in the eyes of all the ladyships. As the Jias frantically prepare for the wedding without Daiyu's knowing, the delicate frowner happens to eavesdrop the news and plunges into utter mortification. The prophecy contained in her nightmare is to be duly fulfilled after all. Bitterness and grief overwhelm her to the point that she conceives the only way to escape is death. She is determined to undermine her health and seizes her fate. The marriage between Baoyu and Baochai is an unfortunate mistake. It is an unexpected outcome of an incidence that should have otherwise favored Daiyu and spared her death. The sudden disappearance of Baoyu's jade, ponders Daiyu, nullifies the bond of gold and jade. But little does Daiyu realize that the loss of the jade on which Baoyu's life hinges causes the Jias to panic. The family resorts to hurry the wedding between Baoyu and Baochai to turn Baoyu's luck and rally his spirits. This paradox of the lost jade expounds the mysterious vagaries of destiny, the joy and pathos of life. Over the top of the hurly-burly of the Jias family life, there hangs the consistent reminder of some transcendental existence. Somehow the cycle of life is totally out of our calculation and grip. The wheel of karma is what inevitably governs the cycle of life and the human soul is only playing out a predetermined role. Life doesn't end at death for death is merely dispersion. The bitter end of the tragic story of love between Baoyu and Daiyu throws the former into a delirium. What follows would be a significant theme Cao Xueqin intends for the novel, elements that take on a greater emphasis than ever after Daiyu's death: Baoyu's enlightenment and disenchantment, the seeing through of red lust, and finally the abjuring of the world.
FYI, here is the review I posted on Amazon.com review for the Kindle edition of this same unabridged work: http://www.amazon.com/Dream-Mansion-Complete-Unexpurgated-ebook/product-reviews/B004XO01SA/ref=cm_cr_dp_see_all_btm?ie=UTF8&showViewpoints=1&sortBy=bySubmissionDateDescending It's by the same translator.
One of the great classics of world literature. Having read both this translation and the David Hawkes' five volume translation of this novel, I personally prefer this one. Although the David Hawkes translation is smoother and more literary for the English speaking reader, I find that the Yang translation better conveys the atmosphere of 17th and 18th century China and the complex relationships between the various members of the upper class Chia household and their omnipresent bevy of slaves and servants. I even greatly enjoyed, from a tongue-in-cheek perspective, the "sayings of Chairman Mao" inspired introduction to this translation. I'm now ready to embark on my fourth reading of this book in about as many years.
Even though some may say that the translation is less then brilliant I still enjoyed the story very much. I was quiet sad actually when the story ended. It made me feel like no other book had ever made me feel. I've always cheered on the good guys like in "Outlaws of the Marsh" or "The Three Kingdoms", but this time I really cared about these characters. Shakespeare's got nothing on this story. The charcters expressed the way they felt through poetry and music. I was in the room and I knew these people. It accomplishes everything every other story never could. I'm just afraid I'll never have that same feeling again.
I searched out this set because my teacher of Chinese medicine had told me that it was her favorite book as a teenager and that she still had the fondest memories of it - yet, she had never read it in English.  When I gave it to her, she beamed, opened to a random page and said, "I know right where they are in the story although my English doesn't understand every word."  When I saw her later she told me that her daughter was upset that she hadn't thought of this book for her mom as it brought her so much happiness!
This is book tells the story of a clan which is in the run-down. It is centered in a young man, Baoyu, and all his "sisters". Don't expect a story in the traditional point of view, I mean like greeks said: an introduction, a development and an end. This does not follow this trend, well, one could say that it sort of has an introduction and an end as a matter of fact but this book must be read as is, just daily life in the Rong and Ning mansions. Do not expect either a very deep story or characters, it is kind of superficial in fact although there a lot of characters and their whereabouts and machinations are told. It gives an insight though into what might have been the life in that land and in that time, keep in mind though that this still a book. An overall enjoyable piece.
Love the tale, compared to the other translation OK, but perhaps the other one is better
First thought: THE POETRY RHYMES, OMG!!!!! Second thought: Not the best story line so far, but when you're only on the first volume, you can't really assume much, can you? Overall: Worth reading, and so far is the BEST translation.
If you want to know the history of Qing dynasty of China, read it; If you want to learn decent Chinese, you must read it; If you want to enjoy the great Chinese culture, you defenitely must read it; The translation is also the best one I have ever seen. But if you try to read the original Chinese edition,maybe you will be more agreed on what I recommended.
i have not read a different translation of this book by a different translator. this is not a typical review but a comment about the method of translation, pinyin. and i, with difficulty, have not finished reading. here's why: if you are an english speaking person, or english educated you will have difficulty in pronouncing chinese names of places and people romanized by the pinyin method. the pinyin method is only immediately/"instinctively" useable for the chinese speaking/reading person tongued with foreknowledge. to a non-chinese speaking/reading person pinyin is pinyin-hell. because you *never* know how to say it in 4 or 5 different ways. even if you have heard how one pinyin name is correctly pronounced you are still guessing when you come across names spelt similarly. then, for the uninitiated, there is hope to be found in a set of "pinyin rules" (over 30 - oh joy!) where by one can amuse oneself with, repetitively, before embarking on reading pinyin books. these rules are quite "un-natural" or to put in kindly - foreign - to the english-speaking tongue. here are a few taken from the web: q  Consonant "ch" as in  cheek u  Vowels "oo" as in  too ue  Diphthong as "i" in  ship ui  Diphthong pronounced as  wee v  Consonant used only to pronounce foreign words  The Chinese have great difficulty pronouncing the V. w  Consonant as in  want x  Consonants "sh" as in  she y  Consonant as in  yet z  Consonant as in  zero zh  Consonant "j" as in  jump most pinyin-translations do not provide such a list of rules or coach readers in this matter, or explain how it is suppose to work. again from the web: Putonghua (mandrin) , the national dialect has four tones. The Cantonese dialect has the most, with nine. In the four tones of putonghua , the word "ma" The first tone (flat) "ma" in means "mother." The second tone (rising) "ma" can mean "numb" or "hemp." The third tone "ma" the voice dips and then rises, means "horse." The fourth tone "ma" starts high and falls abruptly, means "to scold." did that clarify the rules or compounded the difficulty? frustrations runs high and runs often. everytime a pinyin name comes up i cringe which is like every other sentence. for the casual reader, how close or by what degree it agree with the original language is hardly the key to successful reading or its enjoyment. if you seriously want to learn all the subtle tones i suggest you take up mandrin reading and writing - and then find the original version and enjoy that!
...and read "Story of the Stone". And this is about upper-class life, not "Exposing social evils, the book cries out denunciation against the feudal system."
excellant
Terrible....too literal a translation...incompréhensible and loses its beauty
great set arrived promptly no probs
