Caution: Although it is listed as a different version of the same product, the $3.99 Kindle edition is literally a comic book version of this.  The page is misleading, as it lists Moss as the translator and the length as 1120 pages.  When you download the eBook, you get a 71 page comic book. I was able to return for a refund, but this absolutely NOT what the page would lead you to believe.
I've read Moss Roberts' other translations for "Journey to the West" and "Outlaws of the Marsh".  I tried a different translation for "Romance of the Three Kingdoms" done by Brewitt-Talyor as well. I prefer the Moss Robert's version because: 1. It comes in a 3 volume set (unlike others) 2. It uses the modern pinyin for names vs. Wade-Giles (e.g. Zhang Fe vs. Chang Fei, Cao Cao instead of Ts'ao Ts'ao) which is much easier to follow if you have ever taken a Chinese class 3. There are maps! I got really lost trying to follow-along with the Brewitt-Taylor version Lastly, Moss Roberts has a copious afterward and amazing footnotes, which aid greatly a western reader who may not have the full context on the non-fiction history of the 3 Kingdoms period. The 3 classics of Chinese literature are indeed long (about 1000 pages), but so too are series like Lord of the Rings or even Harry Potter (where one book is 700 pages), however they are amazing reads. If you could only pick one, then the Three Kingdoms is IMHO the best of the 3 for a western reader.  If you are going to read all 3, then start with Journey to the West, then go to Outlaws of the Marsh, then to the Three Kingdoms. FWIW, 3 Kingdoms is packed with adventure, intrigue, tragedy, and also highlights a lot of the virtues of Chinese culture.  Think Game of Thrones in China if you need a metaphor. I had a hard time putting these books down, and I hope you try them out and enjoy them as well.
This is Moss Roberts's translation of the Mao version of the Chinese classic "Three Kingdoms," a highly-influential historical novel that covers a sweep of over a century from 168 A.D. to 280 A.D., encompassing the fall of the Han dynasty, and the ensuing struggle between the resulting three kingdoms, as signaled by the book's opening sentences: "Here begins our tale. The empire, long divided, must unite; long united, must divide. Thus has it ever been." The authorship of the novel is traditionally attributed to Luo Guanzhong, writing in the fourteenth century, over a millennium after the novel's events. Complicating the novel's history, there were at least two main versions of the narrative: a print edition from 1522 (well after Luo Guanzhong's death), and a subsequent major revision of this dating from the 1660s. The version from the 1660s edited by Mao Lun and Mao Zonggang (father and son) is the dominant one, and this is the version that Moss Roberts has translated. The novel is episodic, very lengthy, and has a vast cast of roughly a thousand characters, over a hundred of which Moss Roberts classifies as major characters. The original audience would have been very familiar with the story's heroes, who were the subject of popular stories and plays that predate the book. I, however, was entirely unfamiliar with the characters and the historical period, and would have struggled to make sense of it but for Roberts's extensive and very helpful notes. Even with the notes, I found the book an effort to read. While I cannot exactly say that I enjoyed it, I am glad that I read it. The scale of the story is epic: men scheme and betray each other, factions vie for control of the empire, huge armies -- sometimes of over a hundred thousand soldiers -- battle. The book also reminds me of China's long history of civilization. Despite dynastic struggles, such as those shown in Three Kingdoms, China's organized bureaucracy lasted for millennia, run by highly-educated officials (and helped by the invention of paper). The book raises questions of what makes an ideal ruler, an ideal minister, an ideal general, and includes many instances of ruses and clever schemes. The novel's opening chapter includes the swearing of an oath of brotherhood between three heroes, Liu Bei (known as Xuande), Lord Guan, and Zhang Fei in a peach orchard. The scene is renowned, yet I found it underwhelming, as I likewise found other famous moments in the story underwhelming. The lengthy story never once brought me close to tears; I never came to love its heroes. If I had the stamina to re-read the whole book, perhaps this would change. Knowing what lay ahead, having familiarity with the characters, the events might have more emotional weight for me. On my first reading, I was interested rather than moved. And the initial impact of the novel, for me, was bleak: kingdoms fall and rise, cruel and selfish individuals may prosper, heroes are imperfect, everyone dies, women are largely relegated to the sidelines. A handful more assorted comments.... Firstly, I read this in parallel with Brewitt-Taylor's 1925 translation, and I considerably prefer Moss Roberts's version, both for its prose style and for its invaluable footnotes (plus an illuminating one-hundred-page-long afterword). Secondly, as the afterword clarifies, the book drew heavily on historical records, but amended and added to them, so that one scholar, Zhang Xuecheng, later characterized it as "seven parts fact and three parts fiction." Thirdly, this edition includes occasional illustrations, which I welcomed, though their reproduction quality was sometimes poor. Fourthly, the book contains many fantastical elements: portents and sorcery and ghosts. Fifthly, the book contains a fair amount of poetry.
If you want to understand Chinese strategy read this. Research has shown we are influenced heavily by the stories of our childhood. The Three Kingdoms is a well known tale in China, not so much in the rest of the world. If you want to understand Chinese strategy, negotiation and leadership - look at the examples that children were taught in this book.
It's a challenging read for those of us who didn't grow up with these characters and stories, but if you invest the time and make good use of the excellent Moss Roberts annotations, you can get completely absorbed in it. After working at it for a while, picking it up and putting it down and picking it up again, all of a sudden, I discovered that this monster of a novel turns out to be the source material for many of my favorite Chinese movies. In this particular set the books are small paperbacks with no margins to speak of, small print and annotations in even smaller print. I have to use a magnifying glass to read them. Eventually I bought the 2-volume larger format set put out by University of California Press. The print is larger, but still small -- but at least I can read it without a magnifying glass.Also the margins in the U Cal Press version are wide enough that I can make notes and make cross references for myself.
The books that I got has a few issues. I've only looked through the first book at this moment but I saw that names and words are randomly misspelled throughout the whole book. Also the text is slightly off-centered on the page like it's slanted. It's as if someone had placed it on a scanner in a crooked way. I have screenshots of this attached: notice that the Character "Yuan Shao" is spelled as "Yuan Soao" and that the margin gradually widens throughout on the right hand side. I expected higher quality control that this. This is not acceptable.
In AD 235, the ancient world in the West collapsed into chaos when Alexander Severus, Emperor of the Romans, was assassinated and the Roman Empire broke up into three warring states. One included Gaul (modern France), Britain, and Hispania (modern Spain), another Italy and North Africa, and the third was based on Palmyra, ruled by Queen Zenobia. In 270, Aurelian re-united the three kingdoms and re-established the Empire. It is an odd coincidence of history that at about the same time, the Han Dynasty in China also experienced a revolt (about 190 AD), and it also broke up into the "Three Kingdoms" of the title. Is there any significance to this parallel? The two empires did have some sort of diplomatic relations, rather astonishing in view of the distances involved. At all events, this sprawling tale is the story of three heroes who swear an oath of loyalty to each other and the Han Emperor at the beginning and try to bring the Empire back together. For the English-speaking reader the translator has rendered the work into modern, unadorned English. To me the names all seem alike, a problem because there are literally hundreds of characters! However, the authors have given us brave and dedicated heroes as well as a wonderful villain, Cao Cao. He's the kind of man who, hearing someone sharpening a knife in a back room when a guest at an ally's house, breaks into the room and kills the man with the knife. Then he realizes he was just preparing to butcher a pig! He rides away, meets his host coming in the other direction, and decides he'd better kill him and all his escort to keep the error from becoming known. He's the enemy readers can hate with a clear conscience. The books (5 volumes in paperback) cover a period of several decades with numerous marches, countermarches, sieges, and battles, including the largest naval battle of all time with a total of 800,000 men on 2 fleets of ships and on land. (That's the Battle of Red Hill). While it can be a little tedious because it's so huge, the story keeps your interest and if we could just get a better idea of the geography it could rival the Iliad in Western literature. While there's a map, alas, it is very small scale and the place names in the text far outnumber those on the map. The historicity of the story has been questioned, with many scholarly arguments over the split between fact and fiction. Apparently the author, who first published it around the year 1500, was a Ming dynasty playwright who supposedly also had access to the Imperial Archives. Some of the characters are real people but it's clear the story has been doctored at numerous points. Also, the Foreword, which is extremely helpful although it's scholarly and not written for the general reader, says that a second author recast the plot around 1540 to strengthen the villainy of Cao Cao, whom the first author wanted to make ambiguous because he was nominally working to prolong the Han Dynasty. Cao Cao works wonderfully as a villain so it's hard to imagine how the original text treated him. So, don't learn your history from this book! It's "just" entertainment, and however good the Archives were, the authors were working a thousand-plus years after the event. It's not history. A final layer of confusion is added to the text by the use of the relatively new, People's Republic of China (PRC) official transliteration scheme where Mao Tse-Tung becomes Mao Zhedong and Peking becomes Beijing. Therefore, any familiarity older readers have with China will be almost useless as all the place names and people's names are spelled differently. Of course, literature from a foreign culture that doesn't use the Roman alphabet must choose some consistent transliteration scheme, and the PRC one is meant to reproduce more closely the pronunciation used in one of the main dialects of Chinese (Cantonese or Mandarin.) Despite these caveats, "Three Kingdoms" is a work worthy of your time.
Bought the digital version for a cheap price of $4. Story quality is fine, the technical aspects make it hard to read. It only shows one panel at a time, at low resolution. The Kindle PC app doesn't allow maximizing and justifying so the panels are like 2" in size. I had to manually reduce windows resolution very low as a workaround. Using a surface for vertical aspect ratio doesn't help much either.
This is a review for the 4 volume set translated by Moss Roberts, published by Foreign Language Press and sold by Great Wall Bookstore. It has 120 chapters or 2339 pages, the only unabridged version translated by a native English speaker who has been furiously studying Chinese history and language. (I had purchased the ebook version and was disappointed to find those to be incomplete.) I bought them as a gift for my bookworm hubby, since he was hoping to get into some Chinese classics. This book set has helpful footnotes providing enough contexts and also figured and maps. We compared this translation with the more recent one translated by Yu Sumei and edited by Iverson. Together we concluded that Moss Roberts translation is more elegant.
I've heard many stories and references to this book growing up it is kind of nice to actually read them for myself.  Unfortunately I cannot read Chinese at all so I had to rely on finding a translated version. I came across and attempted a Brewitt-Taylor translation a while back but could not finish the book through that version.  The names of all the people and the way it read did not quite flow as nicely for me.  This version by Robert Moss is fantastic. It reads nicely and is full of notes and annotations that provide a much deeper understanding of the story, history and of the book itself. The quality of the books are nice, the text is not to fine or big to read.  I am tempted to now shell out the extra 100 bucks for the hardcover editions.  I was only a bit disappointed the shipping of the product which seemed to damage it some. (bent or crushed a bit on edges)
The purpose of my review is not to critique a classic tale, but the quality of this specific collection. You should note that the author, Luo Guanzhong, had a strong bias for Liu Bei's Shu Han, and his account of the Three Kingdoms period is full of embellishment. Pros: - This translation of Luo Guanzhong's masterpiece is really quite good and at times stunningly beautiful. You'll find yourself rereading passages again and again out of sheer delight. - Each volume contains a marvelous collection of notes that really does illuminate the characters, locations and culture the reader encounters throughout the Three Kingdoms period. The author includes a wonderful introduction and afterword containing a lot of historical information about Luo Guanzhong, the period, and certain key characters like Zhuge Liang. Cons: The only real issue lies in the quality of the books themselves. - There are many spelling and grammatical errors that just weren't edited out. I've never seen so many mistakes in a book before. - The pages are obviously thinner than western readers are used to, so bath tub readers BEWARE: the pages don't recover from drips, damp fingers, or hot, humid air. That said, as long as you treat them with the care due any book, they'll last just fine. I've read through my volumes three times, and they're still in very good shape.
I just want to offer my opinion about this edition (the 4 volume box set printed in 1994 [I believe it is 1994]).  The story itself is a fantastic, engaging read.  The language is fluid and I am finding that it is a lot less dry than I expected and so it is very easy to get through the book. Deciding which edition to purchase was my biggest problem, but so far, I have no issues with this one.  While I read some reviews about spelling errors--and indeed they do exist--they are not at all frequent and detract little from the story.  I also read that the characters names occur in three forms, creating much confusion.  Again, I find this to be untrue.  In fact, the narrative will often clearify who is who for the reader so you are not pondering over names the whole time.  Sometimes a character will be referred to in their style.  I don't know what that means in Chinese (it's probally in the footnotes somewhere), but the style is seperate from the surname and given name.  Most characters styles are never used, except upon introduction, so it's no issue. My advice to the reader who has never encountered the story (I have played the games and done some preliminary research on the era) is to read up a little on the history of the time.  Start with the end of the Han through the Three Kingdoms period and this will at least give you a foundation for what is going on.  It will also familiarize you with some of the names and the important players who ruled at this time. The only thing this edition could use are some good maps.  Being that it is a box set, a few seperate inserts that can be referanced along side the books would be great, but they dont have them, so what can you do. Overall, I am not at all dissapointed and highly recommend the Chinese Classics edition for the serious reader.
if you're looking for this, you probably already know what it is. it is fast paced, beautifully written, and an amazing story.  the tapestry of legend and historical fact is well enough woven to give one a sense of what actually happened while having a few over the top events. because there is no english translation of the annals of the three kingdoms, this is as close as an english speaking person is going to get to understanding the period. if the number of characters is overwhelming, the dynasty warriors series of video games actually serves as an abridged version that helps to identify the major players in the ocean of hundreds of characters.
First of all, this is a classic of Chinese that is relatively unknown in the west.  This epic could be considered the Shakespeare of the Chinese language.  It depicts the decay and collapse of the Han dynasty.  In the process of this decay, the nation is split into three kingdoms which stuggle for supremacy.  In the process of this struggle, we find tales of friendship, heroism, betrayal, and tragedy.  This novel has thousands of characters, but perhaps the main character is Kongming, the military strategist of one of the kingdoms.  It's a pure pleasure to read his elegantly executed strategies. This translation has a modern feel, so it was easier to read than other translations that I have read.  Robert Moss does a good job of making the story flow.  However, as some other reviewers have said, it doesn't have a poetic feel.  While the story has been translated, it is always difficult to translate literature into other languages.  Having said that, I think this is an excellent translation for those who want an easy read or those who are reading Three Kingdoms for the first time.  Also I strongly recommend an unabridged version, such as this one.  If you read an abridged version, the story won't seem well developed.  The full text is necessary.  I especially recommend this novel for those who are studying politics, military science, or business.  You'll learn lots of strategies for living life.
I bought this because I needed something to read while at work, I went through nearly 100 dollars worth of books in one month buying single volumes. A month later, I've not quite finished it still on book 3 (near ending) and being a romanticized historical it is amazing, really brings you into the world and its setting. Got some time? Got some money? Buy yourself this set, honestly an amazing read and will be donated to my local library when I am through with it!
THE SET:   This is a good set if you simply want a copy of the book. Paperback, and four easy-to-manage volumes.   This is the Moss Roberts translation. So, you'll get the names and spellings you might be more familiar with - like "Cao Cao" instead of "Tsao Tsao".   It's also a good set if you plan on buying other Chinese Classics like "Outlaws of the Marsh" or "Journey to the West" because they all have uniform editions.   The only possible negatives are since they are somewhat condensing a really long novel into four thinner volumes, the actual pages seem a little thin. I worry from time to time about ripping them.   There are also a number of typos. But in all honesty, I don't really notice them. With the story moving along so quickly and the presence of already-foreign words and names, a typo now and then won't make you stumble in the least. THE BOOK:   "Romance of the Three Kingdoms" is a really great (albeit long) story. This is the fictionalized story of a real civil war period in China that occured after the Han dynasty fell. The names, places, and major events were all real. The heroic actions, dialog, and minor events however are mostly imbelished or improvised.   But despite the length and complexity of the story (there are literally hundreds of characters), this book is a GREAT read. Because it has so much content to cover, the book moves at an incredible pace. Characters are literally fighting and/or dying every other page. Although you may get confused by the names, you will not be bored by anything. I often get bored by books, but everytime I pick this one up I am sucked in instantly.   And if you have played any of the Dynasty Warriors or Romance of the Three Kingdoms video games, you should most definitely read the original tale. Plus, you may have a head start on the complexity from knowing some of the characters/events already.   If you're at all interested in ancient warfare, drama, or literature, you need to read this book.
First off... I won't waste your time in writing a review on the Three Kingdoms - I'm assuming that if you're reading this review, you're already aware of just how important/incredible/enjoyable this novel is.  Truly a great entertaining story and yet so many lessons can be learned from it.  It's no wonder why this is so widely taught in most Asian school systems. I will, however, comment on this specific 4-volume package.  This is arguably the best packaged-set available (at this time) for those that want to read the novel.  It's not a "collector's edition" - there's no leather binding or any other high-end detail associated with it, but rather it is a simple and convenient set. Unlike other versions being sold, it is somewhat smaller (I believe the dimensions are already displayed in the item details) - so it is very convenient to carry around (e.g. read on the subway, train, plane, etc).  It's broken up into 4 volumes (page numbers are continuous - so volume II starts on p597) and the overall quality is actually pretty good.  It's your typical paperback book. Prior to purchasing, I read a number of reviews complaining of how "thin the paper was" and that it made it "completely unreadable."  I did not find this to be an issue.  Yes, the paper is probably thinner than one would expect... but nothing where it poses a threat of being damaged easily or anything of the sort.  I also didn't find any issues with being able to see the lettering on the subsequent page (as its shadow is visible on the page you're reading).  Yes, it's there and yes, it's noticeable (especially when there a poem - as the poems are indented); but again, I didn't find it to be an issue. I debated back and forth on what "version" I wanted to purchase and I can honestly say that I'm quite pleased with this purchase.  It's good quality, it's packaged nicely in a boxed 4-volume set (each volume has notes at the end - so no need to search for notes in another book; as is the case with other versions), it's the unabridged version (a MUST - please avoid any abridged version - as they often leave out so much), and it's affordable (complete set costs as much as one volume of other sets).  It's also a Moss Roberts translation - something I would recommend.  And it also uses the pinyin Chinese translations (more easily pronounceable - in my opinion).  Nice introduction, good notes throughout, etc... so also a great option for those "studying" the novel. Simply put, if you're looking for a collector's edition that you're going to hand down from generation to generation with leather binding, hand-drawn images, color, etc, etc... obviously this is not the set for you.  But if you're looking for an affordable, compact, convenient, and accurate translation... then this is the one for you.
Now that I finally finished the book, I will say a few words about this book.  It's a long story and it took me over 3 months to finished it.  I did enjoy this historical novel which is said to be 70% based on history and 30% fiction. The characters in the book are more alive in the reader's imagination than in the book itself because there isn't much character developement.  The book doesn't flow or read smoothly instead it feels almost mechanical.  But the events and the actions take a life of it's own in the reader's imagination.  I don't know the Chinese language but maybe there were some essence that was lost in the translation. The events and the strategy that were used in that era of history were brilliant.  Even though this happened hundreds of years ago, I have to remind myself these people were not simple, ignorant farmers.  Instead they were manipulative, calculating and deceptive as much as, if not more than the politicians that we have now. Of all the events in the book, what I still remember is how people are killed so easily and at a whim of those in authority.  No wonder so many people were in fear of their lives and what they said and did because they were at the mercy of the authority.  Another thing I marvelled at was the scale of the wars and battles they had where hundreds of thousands of people would fight and die just because their king wanted ot attack their neighbor. All said, I would reccommend this book for those who have some interest in China or that era of Chinese history.  I give this book 4 out of 5 stars because of the lack of the character developement which would have made this historical novel much more enjoyable and readable.
Anyone that has played the games or Dynasty Warriors should really read the books. They can be a hard read at times with the names but it is well worth it, i have read them more then once and still i love them. There are SO many stories that the games never touch on that will just amaze you even farther about the beloved characters in the games.
The tactics of The Art of War is pretty much used throughout the book by many of the warlords. The multiple layers of military deception and feints gets so deep that it creates the oddest strategy of all: Predicting that your enemy will anticipate a trap or deception, and go the obvious route instead. Basically to sum it up. 1) China splits up into a dozen warring states and warlords. 2) The "Mandate of Heaven" seems to motivate the warlords to continue fighting, thinking it's heaven's wish to eventually reunite China (which probably keeps China from becoming like Europe, with a dozen states coexisting). 3) The Art of War is known by nearly all the warlords, all the battles are very tactical. 4) If you're interested in Game theory, there are many complicated alliances, breaking of alliances and betrayals between warlords.
If you have ever played any of KOEI Dynasty Series games, then you are familiar with the Han Dynasty and some of the Chinese History. If you were interested in knowing more than what you did in the video games, then this book is for you. This is an awesome epic novel, sweeping the history of Chinese history. All of the characters that are in the Dynasty Series game are here for our further knowledge. Liu Bei, Guan Yu, Zhang Fei, Lu Bu, Cao Cao, Cao Song, Dio Chan, Sun Ce, Sun Quan, Sun Shiang San..... the list goes on and on. This story written over a thousand years ago, accurately portrays the lives and feelings of these "heroes". The author is a little swayed by the Shu family, and he seems to favor them, portraying Guan Yu, Liu Bei and Zhang Fei as the most loyal and honorable sworn brothers, with Cao Cao a sort of evil madman. But that is okay, since I never liked Cao Cao in the game anyway. All in all, this is a long and worthwhile read. I would recommend the unabridged version as it is more complete and thorough. You will not be disapointed to see these wonderful characters come to life.
This is an awesome set. Complaints about how thin the paper is I find to be unreasonable. The paper is completely adequate - now the New American Bible - that's thin paper. The typos are slightly annoying but not too much of a big deal. The translation I find to be very readable. The material is dense and the footnotes are vital. The amount of information on even a single page is astounding and does not lend itself to a quick or passive read. Anyone who has read more difficult historical works such as Thucydides or Caesar shouldn't have any problem with the style.   Like most I became aware of this story through video games, specifically the Dynasty Warriors games. The games were a good primer for the actual text, as the reader already has mental images of the characters and battles - while the mental images of the characters conjured by the games may not be historical, or accurate, they lend themselves to remembering and differentiating individuals - which can be difficult for western readers because of the Chinese names which naturally seem foreign and hard to remember to westerners. I have always had an easier time with Japanese personal names over Chinese personal names, When you start throwing in X's and Z's in the translated names, my brain just goes "What? Strange and unfamiliar!" Therefore the primer videogame course helped me immensely.   I do wish the box that holds all 4 volumes was a little more robust, but for the price of the set, I cant really complain. Overall very pleased. Now I need a statue of Lord Guan to start offering incense to the "God of War."
The writing style is interesting, though it is fairly obvious the tale was meant to make Cao Cao out to be the villain and Liu Bei to be the ultimate in compassion and goodness.  Despite that, the stories are colorful and intriguing, though it can be difficult at times to keep track of the names of all the provinces, warlords, underlings, etc..  Rereading helps to alleviate any confusion.
Whether you've been there or not, "Three Kingdoms" will provide you deep insite into Chinese History and Culture.  Encapsulated in a Swashbuckler worthy of Hollywood, it is a roadmap to over 2000 years of a culture the West generally knows so little about.  Much as the tales of King Arthur, portray Romanized Britain during the disintegration of Rome, Knightly Brothers strive to preserve the Han Empire or carve kingdoms amidst battles, plots, counter plots, seduction, and betrayal.  These are stories that, even in English translation, show us as much about Chinese thought, in the way place, time, and events are portrayed, as can be gleaned from actual dialog.  Annotated, Three Kingdoms can read on many levels from light entertainment to historic cultural education.
This page is completely messed up: the three editions are entirely different, The kindle edition is an English language comic, the paperback appears to be an English translation of the Chinese novel, and the hardcover is the original Chinese novel!
It is a great book but the font is really small and they printed it wrong so the lines don't align too well.  If you want your eyes a little less stressed this isn't the book to get.  but plot is great!
Regarding the four Classics of Chinese literature, there is a popular saying that goes: "lao bu kan san guo, shao bu kan shui hu", translated as: "The young shouldn't read Water Margin while the old shouldn't read The Three Kingdoms". I did just the reverse: as a teenager living in France I voraciously read Water Margins, that depicts the lives of 108 outlaws (I knew all of their names by heart!) and is supposed to have a negative influence on young boys because of its vivid display of violence and its apology for the overturn of the social order that made it a favorite of Chairman Mao. The Three Kingdoms was not available in French at that time. I discovered this second classic much later in a Japanese translation, at an age when readers allegedly shouldn't be exposed to its depiction of stratagum, deceptions, frauds and trickeries that cunning politicians could use to their advantage. My dream is that when I reach old age and become conversant enough in Chinese, I will be able to read The Three Kingdoms and Water Margins, as well as the other two classics of Chinese literature, Journey to the West and Dream of the Red Chamber, in their original versions.
The historic novel of the three kingdoms was a fantastic read. The literary style was, at first, difficult to get used to but the story itself is told in a very straightforward fashion and the characters are very rich. The constant turn of events will have you rooting for the splendid victories throughout Shu-Han's campaigns and lamenting their bitter losses. I noticed many typos throughout the entire novel but they're few and they're small enough to avoid confusion as you read. Overall I think this particular translation was excellent. It was recommended to me and I would gladly recommend it to anyone who has an affinity for this great age of chivalrous heroes and tyrannous villains.
A most loved collection for our kids growing up. Must have for the history buffs and strategy lovers.
Best translation ive read. This would be the third iteration of this story ive read. The names are spelled correctly with grammar and general spelling mistakes being far less in this rendition. The books physical quality isnt anything to ride home about. Pages wrinkle and warp easily with some text being blurry (only a few pages). Came with a few pages already wrinkled too. Still highly recommended for someone seeking the best translation. This one even has a few pictures and maps. Get this one for reading and then find some special hardcover run for the shelf if you really like it.
Translation is good (well I wouldn't know about accuracy, but I didn't find it hard to read). As for the story itself, keep in mind that this is a book of tremendous historical and cultural importance (at least in China). If you're reading it because of that, then you're going to get what you want out of it. However taken on its own in comparison to modern works, the story itself is sort of meh, at least in my opinion.
This book is EPIC.  This has to be one of the greatest stories ever told.  I would recommend this to anyone.  There are typographical and spelling errors every now and then, but I mean come-on, this is a 1000+ page book published by a chinese company, it's very good that there are so few typos.  Someone remarked that this was not a good version and advised to "check your local library."  He must not know that this is considered the definitive edition of the book, and one of the best unabridged versions out there.
After falling in love with the movie “Red Cliff” I discovered that its’ narrative was based on this classic chinese novel. And since this story is so ingrained in the East so as to be part of the culture itself I was determined to ferret out a copy and see for myself. This is a huge book, it spans generations and took me months to read. My edition was smartly broken up into four books, so I didn’t have to carry around a huge dictionary sized brick, I appreciate that. What I didn’t appreciate was at the end of book four is a list of important characters, their descriptions and even a list of titles with definitions. How is that offensive? Well I sure could have used that while reading books one through three! Being a westerner, I’m just not that comfortable with all of these chinese names and words, some of the characters only differ by ONE letter! Not to mention most of the main characters have more than one name, used interchangeably. There are also a ton of characters, many who will never appear again, for me, someone who is not good at names, this was a bit of a trial. However, I’m glad I read this, I’m glad I own a copy, and I look forward to reading it again one day. The story itself is impressive with ample amounts of action, tactics, political intrigue, humor, and even romance. I can see why this story has endured for so long. This was not an easy, casual read for me, but it definitely deserves it’s rank as one of the four great Chinese classics.
I want to post this to help R. Pham and other readers in your research re: " Three kingdoms" . I'm originally from Viet Nam  and had read this story in Vietnamese when I was in Viet Nam (translation word by word , from Chinese, full version , Vietnamese translator : Tu Vi Lang) For the English translation , I have a "full " (i.e. unabridged) version : (bought in US , not through Amazon.com , I bought this at a Chinese English Bookstore in Boston, Massachusetts, USA) : "Three Kingdoms," Library of Chinese and English Classics, Attributed to Luo Guanzhong , Translated by Moss Roberts, Foreign Language Press (China) . This full version has 5 volumes : total : 3014 pages  ISBN 7-119-03219-4 / I - 734  . Left-hand page : Chinese , Right-hand page : English . Paperback , I bought it for $US 69.00 (tax excluded)(bought July 2006  . Chinese characters: very sharp , excellent quality (in printing Chinese characters) . Note : the book used  modern Chinese (i.e. simplified , not traditional Chinese) ; paper quality : fair (too thin) , but acceptable . The translation by Moss Roberts is excellent. His notes at the end of each book is extremely helpful and adequate.  I found the following web site (s) printed at the last page of the book , and I included it here for your information , but have not checked myself regarding its accuracy , usefulness etc : [...] I hope that this information helps you . For readers who want to know this story (three kingdoms  "Tam quoc chi "  in Vietnamese , please read on : There are many translators , but I found the best is of Tu Vi Lang  the Vietnamese version has - at the end of each chapter - the expert commentary by Mao Ton Cuong - a Chinese author -  I wrote his name in Vietnamese) - (Chinese : ? MaoZonggang  - mid-1660's -  unfortunately these commentaries are not availbale in the above Chinese - English version  -  I enjoy the commentaries even more than the story itself !  - For the Vietnamese version , you can buy it now in Viet Nam  -  Sai Gon , where I'm originally from -  or US .  I bougth mine in California (Vietnamese translation : reprinted by Dai Nam publisher ), California). Best regards, M. Nguyen
I purchased this a few years ago and, when I came across the product again, remembered this as being one of the best books I've ever read. If anybody is interested in reading the Three Kingdoms, this version is THE translation to get. (And the notes in the back are very useful, too). So worth reading over and over again.
Good
The books themselves were in good condition. No pages missing, no tears or anything like that. BUT, the product, all 4 bucks smelled HORRIBLY. So bad that it gave me a headache while reading. Books are literally unreadable. Have tried many things to get rid of the smell and nothing works.
I'll be perfectly honest: I've never been one to actually sit down and read a book unless it's been marked required reading. In fact, my only fantastic literary claim up to this point was conquering the Harry Potter series. Then, I picked up these volumes. I was absolutely enthralled. I picked up this book because I'm a big fan of the Dynasty Warriors series. In fact, I just recently discovered that the games themselves were based entirely off of this collection. From then on, I had a blast both playing through the games and reading the books, trying to pick out scenarios and information the game had changed (or in some instances, just completely left out). In the process, I learned something new about ancient Chinese culture and managed to have a fantastic time doing so. I highly recommend this book. And as many others have said, do NOT buy the abridged version. Spend a little extra and get the four volume set. You'll get a lot more out of the reading.
Nice books.  I am reading along as I watch Chinese TV series on Three Kingdoms.  An exciting way to learn about history and Chinese culture.
There are some translation errors here and there (for instance, someone would be put to "deach" rather than death), but other than that it's exactly what you paid for. Better value and translation than the other books that are listed, and you're getting the whole set of books instead of just one or two. I hate that I sound like I'm trying to sell the book, but really this is the best version you can buy unless you learn Chinese and translate it yourself.
Great book but poor editing. The translations and annotations are good. The terrible editing and textual errors make it a hard read.
For Americans. Is it the correct translation? No, but that is okay, because a lot of people who buy this book will have done so from exposure to the Romance of the Three Kingdoms games from Koei, and they used the Americanized spelling that unfortunately doesn't match up pronunciation wise, but the names are the same as they appear in all the games. I much prefer this, as I bought a copy of the original translation, and had no idea who the hell they were writing about. For those of us who got exposed to this, one of the greatest stories (about 70% true) ever told, having to go back and relearn all the names would be VERY taxing, not to mention annoying as hell.
Ordered my complete edition of Three Kingdoms from this seller. Was very impressed. I got brand new books in a very short time frame, and for a great price.
Initially when the books arrived, I received a misprint where volume 1 was just volume 3 with the volume 1 binding. Luckily the seller was right on top of it & sent me a new copy of volume 1 with no issues & no headaches. It arrived promptly & in one piece. The only reason I'm giving the series 3 stars instead of 5 is due to the heavy ghosting with the text in the books. All four volumes seem to suffer from ghosted text & it can get really distracting. The text from one side of a page bleeds through very noticeably to the other side which gives me a little bit of a headache when I read for an extended period of time.
An exciting if convoluted novel depicting an epic period of chaos in Ancient China. This novel is wonderfully translated, and I can't imagine that was an easy job. Also includes helpful footnotes, illustrations, etc.
I have read and enjoyed Three Kingdoms for over 10 years.  I recently re-ordered this version because my last edition was getting worn.  This Moss Roberts translation is the best English translation of Three Kingdoms on the market, and the introduction, afterword and footnotes contain a lot of additional, interesting historical information for anyone who enjoys the period.  This is the only edition of Three Kingdoms I would purchase or recommend for an English speaking audience.
My favorite work of Chinese literature, rendered in very good Enlgish.
to become familiar with a Chines literature classic.
The Chinese Iliad that exults the strategist over mere warriors
Great quality! Great price! Highly recommended for anyone learning Mandarin or wanting some classic Chinese literature.
not finish reading yet!
Love this book. Read it when I was in university and now bought to own and read it again. Can't put the book down.
The book shipped quickly and was in good condition. It comes in 4 volumes in a box. The page length is very long, and the paper is the same type of paper than you'll find in many bibles: thin, but good. This story is one that should be read and appreciated more widely.
I first became intrigued with the Three Kingdoms's historical events when I played the game Dynasty Warriors 2 for PS2. Afterwards I was desperately searching to find the best novel translation and finally bought the 4-volume box set translated by Moss Roberts which is the UNABRIDGED version(make sure to get this edition as it tells the whole story w/o leaving anything out).I then set out to explore the 2200+ pages of Chinese history and I must say, it was a fascinating experience. I initially grasped what was going to happen in time but there was so much other details to the story and idealisms portrayed. Leadership, loyalty, heroism, military tactics and warfare, treason, and even romance play such a significant role in this epic novel. "The empire long united, must divide" and "the empire long divided, must unite" pretty much opens and closes the novel perfectly. Heroes such as Guan Yu, Zhang Fei, Zhao Yun, and Huang Gai portray such loyalty that it would be kind of hard to imagine in today's society. From the other reviews I've read, most people think Liu Bei (Xuande) is the protaganist of the novel and this seems very true since Roberts lauds Bei's characteristics and portrays Cao Cao of the evil and cunning type. Personally, I think anyone can choose their personal protaganist and for me that would be Zhao Yun because of his undisputed bravery and loyalty. Another character that I admired was probably Zhuge Liang for his awe-aspiring military tactics. Zhuge was the best strategist of his time and he wrote several books on warfare but unfortunately, most were destroyed but you can still buy one of his famous books, "The Art of War." Warning, spoiler ahead:   This book has its sad moments particularly when someone important or someone who contributed a lot to his lord dies. You'll feel sympathetic towards those who fought hard as well as the ones who died. When the book starts, it's during the impending collapse of the Han then around 220 is when the real three kingdoms come into play: Shu, Wu, and Wei. It's sort of like a battle to the death of who would emerge victorious and indeed there was. Military tactics are exploited on each side and betrayal is widespread. In the end, it would be Sima Yi's family who would unite China under one rule, the Jin Dyansty.
I have heard that to truly understand Chinese culture, one must read The Three Kingdoms.  That may be, but this epic is a masterpiece of literature in any language.  I recommend this book to anyone interested in the classics of world literature.
Really wanted this as I only had Volumes I and II.  Much more accessible than earlier Brewitt-Taylor translation.  If you liked Red Cliffs (short or 2 dvd international version) - you'd enjoy this.
The books arrived promptly and in excellent condition! I was pleasantly surprised to find the character drawings, ancient maps that described the provinces at the time and the people who ruled over them, and a very in depth reference in the back of the book that went into detail about several of the incidents mentioned in the story and how they relate to historical records. Of course, the story itself is an entertaining read. Highly recommended.
Very good translation of the original novel.
Awesome blend of history and story.  Difficult to tell where history leaves off and story begins.
If you're into classical Chinese literature, this is a must read. Once I started, could hardly put it down.
My son loved this book. He plays Koei's Dynasty Warriors series and he fell in love with this book. I read a little bit of it and I am rather fond of it too. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes a good action book about unification of the land. This book has not left out a single detail about the story.
The writing doesn't flow very well but the story is very enjoyable.
It's like I never stop turning the page when I read this.  Truly amazing, adventurous, and full of perspective of many different characters.
Three stars because it's three kingdoms. I couldn't get through the book. If the Odyssey just wasn't long enough, this one is for you.
It is interesting to see what was going on in the ancient world's other great empire at the same time that Rome was entering it's century of chaos.
A timeless classic...
Been looking for these books since ever, and I love them. Thank you!
Having played a number of games in the Dynasty Warriors series, I wanted to get acquainted with the original story. I'd originally found a free copy hosted online, but that copy was of an early 20th century translation and the antiquated language was often difficult to parse. The Moss Roberts translation has been considerably easier to read (frequent spelling errors notwithstanding), and I enjoy the illustrations and map diagrams that show up here and there. I've nearly finished the second volume, reading a chapter or two a day, and look forward to several more weeks of adventure.
Ok, Three Kingdoms is a amazing volume which mixes history with mythlogy during the three kingdom period of china's past. It really is a great story! The only bad part is that this volume seems like a rough draft. There are literally tons of spelling errors and mis-use of english language. Obviously they should have put more effort into translating this better for the english audience. And the price of $39.99 is a bit hefty for 4 paper-back books! I would look for a different translation for a cheaper buy.
The story is very extensive, though having some grammar and spelling errors the four volumes story is an excellent read.
Outstanding.
Very entertaining
A timeless piece of literature. Capture the history of the Han Dynasty in a most intriguing tale where ideals and ambitions collide.
Good books
Three Kingdoms is one of the most important works of Chinese literature. The story itself is there, but the ridiculous number of grammatical and spelling errors throughout the 4-volume set can spoil the experience just a bit.
If you are alive and know how to read you should read this book, no one in the world would give it less than 3 stars.  It is a very long book but it will be very much worth it to read anyway, and when you're done, you can brag to your friends that you've read a 2000+ page book.  It will go by much faster than you would think.
Set was Christmas gift for my nephew; he really liked the book set and will buy the Chinese version later.
Very easy to understand
My best friend from America had wishes for this series, so of course I was going to give it to her for Christmas. The package arrived earlier than I had expected. Nothing to complain about, she LOVED the books! Thank you very much :)
Very good, fast shipping.
Everything is perfect thank you
Amazing story, could not put the books down.
Romance of the three kingdoms , what else can I say.
I originally bought it because I played the Dynasty Warriors games.  Now that I finished it, I can easily say its one of my favorite stories.
Three Kingdoms is a action packed novel that deserves to be called a classic.  Nevertheless all the Chinese names and the repetitive battle scenes could easly lose the novice reader after the first thousand pages or so.  If you buy this be prepared to read the footnotes throughly and become a student of Chinese culture.
I much enjoyed this translation. Although the names are a little different, it flowed quite well and its for a fourth of the cost!
Got all my books and they were in good condition. Nuff said
epic
This history has a superb drama and excelent descriptions of the battles of old China. Recommended for those whom like a good plot, heroic battles and everything else words can describe.
This novel is absolutely fabulous! I recommend the tv serie which is really close to this novel: Romance of the three kingdoms 2010: [...]
Romance of the Three Kingdoms is possibly the most famous and important novel in classic Chinese literature.  Not only is it the earliest of the "Four Great Books" (as evidenced by its more archaic language), but it created a complete cultural phenomenon whose impact is still fresh today -- just ask all the young people today who, without having read a word of the book, still know the characters from the strategy and fighting video games released by the company Koei.  And how many literary works can claim to have had a direct impact on history as this book, which was used as a strategy text by the great Manchurian leader Nurhachi and his son Hongtaiji? I'd read the original archaic text when I was about eight years old, so obviously my views will be heavily slanted by my familiarity with this text.  On approaching this translation, what I find is a well done, respectful and informative translation that doesn't quite nail the tone of the original text, but will be a good read for modern readers who don't read Chinese. And to be honest, Chinese is extremely hard to translate into English.  Just the fact that subjects, articles and pronouns are often omitted from a sentence is enough to cause nightmares for a Chinese-English translator.  And even by Chinese standards, The Three Kingdoms is a work whose linguistic economy is staggering.  In one page, this book can convey the deaths of half a dozen characters, three to four battles, multiple schemes, and include four or five "tribute" poems, to boot.  Such is the style of this work, and it could not have been easy for translator Moss Roberts to adapt this style into English.  And he has done the job remarkably, for though I don't think he was able to convey the flavour and rhythm of the original language (the question is, also, whether that would have been possible), his translation makes a good read, and strives to be faithful to the original text, down to the chapter divisions and the inclusion of the "tribute" poems which frequent the book.  This was an essential piece in the style of the book and I was joyed to see the device retained. There are instances scattered throughout where I felt the tone of the language may have been misinterpreted, or diluted by the language barrier.  Obviously, I'm not a Chinese professor (as Prof. Roberts is), but as a native speaker, I felt his translations sometimes didn't quite hit the mark.  For example, in the original text, one poem on the character Cao Cao distinctly used a word which meant "deception" or "guile", but Prof. Roberts adapted it to "craft", which dilutes the disapproving tone of the original.  When Yuan Shao refused aid to Liu Bei on account of his son's illness, his advice to the messenger was "if he is in trouble, he may seek refuge with me", which suggests patronage, not "find refuge north of the river", which suggests a tactical manoeuvre related to geography.  These are but two examples and you can certainly argue that the meaning of the original text is up for grabs, but as a Chinese native speaker and reader, one who has grown up with this text and re-read the book hundreds of times, I still find the translation a little off.  There is also no attempt at creating period flavour in the language -- the translation is modern, not aiming to add archaic English flavour to try to reflect the age of the original Chinese text.  This may be a good point, however, since the use of archaic English added to the language barrier might have resulted in a book that's very difficult to read.  I think Prof. Roberts sacrificed flavour for clarity, a fair tradeoff to the benefit of the translation. Again, the question is whether an English translation (or any other translation) could ever be accurate in this way to the original.  Personally, I do think many of the discrepancies in meaning could have been avoided, or ameliorated.  However, as aforementioned, for a reader who's never read the original, this issue won't affect his/her enjoyment of the text.  Just the fact that there is a translation of this extremely important work of Chinese literature is a cause for celebration, and for those people new to this realm, this set of books is a great discovery.
The package arrived very quickly and in perfect condition.  It was a gift for my son.  He's enthralled by the story.  "Moss" is an excellent translator.
Very good quality compare to the price, and mine got shipped after 2-3 weeks of order.
Great quality, don't understand a lot of the complaints. Pages are fine, notes are there, writing and research are great. Only complaint is that comers of the books came are bent and damaged.
Way too many names for a single character, and there is a ton of characters in the story.
Purchased as a gift for my son. He is very pleased!
Xmas present was loved!
the actual books were fantastic; Moss Roberts' translation is simply wonderful! however, the packaging was damaged so completely that the books were warped almost to the point of disfigurement... quite a shame considering how wonderful the actual text is.
My husband loved it!
I had various language collection of these books. Excellent story and well translated! My wish is that the foot note can be put at the end of each page instead at the end of the book.
typos all around
ok why would I want to keep writing writing and writing while all I wanted to say is good.  strange.
images, no zoom
Exactly what expected and really happy for the purchase!
The font size of words in this book is too small, that will hurt your eyes. I am wondering why the press publish a book like this, to save papers. that is so stupid!
Great books in perfect conditions. I recommend everyone to read this series.
Great book!
Received item as advertised although shipping took longer than normal.
Best version I've found thus far.  4 volumes of musuo madness.
Son was thrilled with this gift, exactly what he wanted
This is the most difficult to read book I have ever read. I mean this literally. I am not talking about the reading level or the quality of the translation. The pages are the thinnest I have ever seen in a book. You can clearly see the text from the other pages quite clearly. The low contrast makes the page literally difficult to read. I know they did this to cut costs, but this is stupid if you can't even read the book. I would have rather paid an extra 10 to 20 dollars for some thicker pages and an extra volume. Try and find a better version if you can.
This is what I was promised: Condition: New BRAND NEW,GOOD QUALITY AND FAST DELIVERY. ALL HAVE FREE TRACKING NUMBER WITH REGISTERED. What I really get is a broken case, and two of the volumes are not in a good condition. Still the inside is good and the product is what I asked for. So the books are apparently not new, or the delivery is of a very bad quality. Also I had some problems with the delivery at first, but the communication with the seller is really good, and he solved the problems quick and efficiently. I would recommend this seller and the product, but I would care to ask for a good condition of the product before i ask for it...
the item is listed as a "Box Set in good condition" but i did not get the box to hold them in and the condition was 6/10 so it was less then what i expected but i know the books themselves are a good read
This is a great CD full of Rampal's great masterpiece. Although the flute legend has passed away for over ten years, his legacy lives on. His interpretation of these pieces are splendid and one can truly appreciate his work. I would recommend this to anyone who loves the flute, especially those who want a different interpretation in music from someone other than James Galway.
The delivery was pretty speedy. Little damage to the side of the book I would have preferred it to be shipped in a box instead of a bag but got here fine with minimum damage.
The long-lived Han dynasty is finally succumbing to effects of a weak Emperor and corrupt government that is cause injustice throughout China resulting peasant revolts while nobles strive to reform the court.  Three Kingdoms by Luo Guanzhong, probably, dramatizes the 112-year history of the end of the Han dynasty as the empire divided into the titular three kingdoms before being reunified under the Jin while being true to history for nearly the entire text. The weakness of the Emperor Ling and his corrupt court results in the Yellow Turban Rebellion and the Emperor asks all loyal subjects to come to arms to fight the rebels.  Among that answering the call is Liu Bei, a scion of the Imperial clan, who befriends and joins in a sworn brotherhood Lord Guan and Zhang Fei, Cao Cao a member of a long servicing Han bureaucratic family, and Sun Jian an accomplished general.  The numerous warlords crush the rebellion but remain in charge of various districts when the Emperor dies thus setting the stage for the warlords vying for power by controlling the child Emperor and then his young brother when Ling’s immediate successor is deposed (then murdered).  Sun Jian heads to the Southlands and founds a dynasty that is cemented by his son Ce that eventually becomes the Kingdom of Wu.  Cao Cao’s Machiavellian political acumen and military success results in him getting control of the last Han Emperor, Xian, and control of the northern heartland that eventually becomes the Kingdom of Cao-Wei.  Liu Bei and his sworn brothers bouncing from district and district trying to restore the independence and good governance of the Han but the warlords that they serve under continue to fight for their own power.  Then the brotherhood is joined by a military-political advisor Kongming that uses Bei’s connection to the Imperial house to establish power in the Riverlands, in the west of the empire, to establish the kingdom of Shu-Han.  Yet if not for the alliance between the Riverlands and Southland against Cao Cao in the battle of Red Cliffs, the three-fold division of the empire would not have happened.  After the death of Liu Bei and his sworn brothers, Kongming becomes takes up their cause by his six campaigns against Cao-Wei are not successful in conquering the whole of the Northern Heartland.  Upon Kongming’s death, the Sima family rises within the ranks of the Cao-Wei that they eventually usurp and reunify the Empire as the Jin dynasty. Though Luo Guanzhong wrote his masterpiece roughly 1200 years after the events of the novel, he used extensive historical records plus numerous legends and popular stories from the period to enhance Three Kingdoms.  The resulting novel is considered seven parts history and three parts fiction, the later portions surround the adventures and actions of Lord Guan and Kongming respectfully whose impact on history was either enlarger or their effectiveness increased.  On top of that Luo Guanzhong, along with Mao Gonggang who edited the text a century later, had a political agenda to favor Liu Bei over Cao Cao that giving the former great virtue while the latter is considered a usurper.  The four-volume 2339-page novel is an engaging piece of historical fiction with a lot of annotation, by Mao Guanzhong and translator Moss Roberts, though it isn’t perfect.  From the text itself, there are hundreds of named characters though most of them are minor characters that are hard to keep straight through the major and secondary characters are easy to keep straight.  The Chinese name convention of surname given name is followed throughout and after a while it’s easy to get use to; however one of Luo Guanzhong’s decisions was to have some individuals have multiple names, most notably Liu Bei (Xuande) and Kongming (Zhuge Liang) that at times confuses the reader.  The majority problem with the novel is unfortunately the Foreign Language Press edition that I read had grammatical and spelling errors on almost every page that too be fair was easy to read through but was a tad annoying. Three Kingdoms is a Chinese historical classic novel that I found to be a very readable novel thanks to the true to original translation approach of Moss Roberts that gave Luo Guanzhong’s masterpiece it’s full meaning.  Though most of my issues are due to the publisher’s grammatical and spelling errors, they didn’t takeaway from the great historical story that was presented and gives the reader an insight into Chinese history and cultural thought.
misleading web page lead to a $26 penalty charge.
The cover of the book showing a bunch of giggling morons is enough to warn any serious reader that it is nothing but a collection of childish cartoons.
not was i was hoping for.  so many names after name.  like a chronology and not like a great flowing story.
Amazon seems to have combined more than one translation here, but DO buy the Moss Roberts translation sold by Foreign Languages Press. I have just finished reading volume 1 of this translation, comparing it word for word with a Japanese translation of the original medieval Chinese. The original language is hard to read, but Roberts nails it. I believe it will be hard to surpass the accuracy of this translation. The Beijing edition, the cheap one available here, contains all of the useful footnotes available in the UC Press edition, and relatively few typos. This classic epic novel is well-known to almost all educated people in East Asia, and if you have the time to focus on the text and remember the names of the characters, it is more engaging and thought-inspiring than a hundred books of political philosophy. Run, don't walk!
Like many other reviewers, the way I first found out about this book was through the Dynasty Warriors video game. I decided to try reading the unabridged version, though somewhat daunted by the size. I did expect the book to be interesting, but I also thought it would be difficult reading. Little did I expect for the book to far exceed my expectations! The Three Kingdoms is a fascinating look into the history (albeit somewhat fictionalized) of China during a roughly 100 year period between 180-280 AD, during which the Han Dynasty fell(the Han was the longest lasting and most powerful dynasty according to the Afterword). The book is full of stories of honor, courage, and loyalty; as well as betrayal, cowardice, and deception. Three Kingdoms is not just a book about wars, although battle is featured prominently in the book--it spends equal or greater amounts of time peering into the political intrigue, power-struggles, and military strategy. The book is loaded with characters, which presents probably the greatest challenge to a Western reader. Learning the names of the main characters might come easier than you might think, and there is a helpful list of main characters in the back of the fourth volume (though even many of those listed there appear only momentarily in the novel). I would also suggest reading the foreward and at least the beginning of the afterword in the fourth volume before beginning the book--it will give helpful background information. The storytelling in the Three Kingdoms is so compelling that I often found myself practically cheering for my favorite characters, and often laughing out loud at peculiar victories or witty dialogue. The beginning of the book focuses on Liu Bei (Xuande) a man of admirable character and virtue, but often frustrating leadership. The main body of the book deals with Zhuge Liang (Kongming), who is Liu Bei's military strategist. Kongming is definitely the most fascinating character, and his strategies and manipulation are delightful to watch unfold. The book also has scores of heroes and villains, and gives insight into the values and virtues that were highly regarded by the Chinese. Towards the end of the book the storyline briefly begins to sag as most of the main characters die off, and yet the characters Jiang Wei and Deng Ai redeem the end of the book, and still carry on the suspense and excitement that was stronger and brighter in the first 3/4ths of the novel. All in all I was disappointed when I finished, ONLY because there wasn't more to read! I would definitely read this book again and recommend it to anyone who wants to read a true epic of Chinese history.
This is an amazing historic, literary work. It is similar to Homer's Iliad and Odyssey (Based on history, but has many fictitious moments). This is my personal favorite set of books. I chose my major because of this work. Moss Roberts does a fantastic translation of a literary work that has helped shape China. The book opens with Liu Xuande (Liu Bei), Guan Yu, and Zhang Fei declaring their brotherhood. This work flows with strategy, both militaristic and political with many vying for power, with an unlikely force winning. In the end, the shadows are the way to gain overall power. This set comes with 2 books, with the first having a green cover and no real extras, and the second has a blue cover, with the conclusion and many extras, including definitions of titles, places, etc. Notes are also contained within the second volume, which greatly help in understanding the flow and historical background of the work, and a chronology of events is also placed in the second volume, with many other extras also included. Overall, an amazing translation of an amazing historic, literary work.
This translation of "Three Kingdoms", one of China's four great classical novels, is extremely accurate and reads excellently and fluently.  Roberts finds a middle ground between fidelity and spirit.  The language used is not archaic, yet the translation is faithful.  It remains one of the best translated texts of Chinese literature ever.  Roberts must be congratulated for translating a book that reads as well as it did in the original written six centuries ago. Trouble is, the version Roberts translated wasn't, textually, what Luo Guangzhong really wrote.  It was a text embellished by Mao Lun and his son Mao Zonggang at the start of the Qing Dynasty circa 1660, 150 years after the most ancient extant text was established, that of the Jiajing Renwu edition (1522).  The 1522 edition (preface dated 1494) is known as the "Sanguo Tongsu Yanyi" (abbreviated TS by Roberts). All credit to Roberts, he discusses, with great scholarly attentiveness, the differences between the 1660s Mao edition and 1522 Jiajing Renwu (Tongsu) edition in an informative afterword.  Roberts said that the differences and literary merits were disputed amongst scholars.  But for people wanting to read a version truer to Luo Guanzhong's vision, the Maos' version is certainly an embellishment, if not an outright revision.  The differences are not minor. The question we should ask today is, should we be reading the Maos' revision of the original novel in c. 1660, or Luo's own (written around 1400)?  There are people who advocated the Mao version as the superior, more literary edition.  This is no different from scholars who used to "edit" Shakespeare to make him more palatable to the tastes of their times. What the Maos did was to add their own judgments to the text.  Luo's TS version of 1522 paints a more accurate historical version of the characters, from the historical annals Sanguo Zhi.  Some people may argue the characters might be drier, but the Maos' changes reflect their own tastes and political allegiances.  The Maos were clearly pro-Liu and anti-Cao.  Cao Cao became Public Enemy No 1, Liu Bei the embodiment of righteous dynastic rule; Guang Yu and Zhuge Liang were deified.  They divided the book into 120 chapters (the TS version was in 24 scrolls and 10 parts each (ie. 240 parts). The Maos changed 10-20% of the text.  The effect is cumulative in such a long work as Three Kingdoms.  The characterizations are changed quite drastically. To Roberts' credit, he does provide footnotes where the 1660 revised edition differs from the 1522 version.  He is right too that the Maos edition remains the most printed and read version in China, such was its influence.  But to go back to the root of Luo Guanzhong's vision, one must translate the 1522 edition. Frankly, the 1660s version isn't that bad.  It's an embellished version, more literary, and may suit certain people's tastes better.  For one thing, the line: "The empire, long divided, must unite; long united, must divide" isn't in the older version.  But since the 1522 edition almost definitely represent Luo's work more faithfully, readers should have their selection.  Since Professor Shen Bojun's magisterial edition of the Jiajing Renwu version appeared nearly two decades ago (which corrects technical errors, ie. errors in dates etc), the task shouldn't be that arduous.  80% of the text is already in the 1660s version.  Voice of hope, however idealistic: give us the Jiajing Renwu version and the Sanguo Zhi (the full historical annals) please, Mr Roberts!
Imagine my surprise when my eleven year old son placed a few names from a video game (Dynasty Warriors) into Google and came up with biographies of real Chinese warlords. Investigating I found that the game was based on Chinese Literature, a historical book written in the 1200s about 3rd Century China by Luo Guanzhong. My son promised he would read the book if I ordered it. The book as ordered is printed in China and is broken into four 600 page sections. I did buy it and with his background from the game he sailed through all 4 sections in record time with nothing but high praise. I have read it myself and highly recommend it to anyone. We have also purchased the TV serialized DVD collection, in Chinese with English Subtitles, which is absolutely facinating viewing for those who have read the original books. The DVDs require staying power there are 58 of them put out by Chinese government TV studios. The recording quality and the subtitle errors are a bit of a deterent to all but real Three Kingdom Fans. If you are expecting a slick Hollywood film don't buy the DVDs.
And it's about time too. Moss Roberts does an excellent job of translating the epic novel by Luo Guanzhong in a full, unabridged four book series. Previously I had read an abridged version by the selfsame translator, and while I was impressed with the story, it was too choppy to satisfy me. I later found this unabridged version, purchased it at once and loved every moment of reading. This is it. The definitive "Three Kingdoms". "The Three Kingdoms" is based on the era known as The Three Kingdoms period, or San Guo Yan Yi. This period chronicles the decline of the Han to the rise of the Jin dynasty (circa AD 170-260). The story tells the tale of protagonist Zhuge Liang (referred to as Kongming throughout the story) and his efforts to help his lord Liu Bei (referred to as Xuande throughout the story) unite the land and restore the crumbling Han. You see, Liu Bei is a distant cousin of the child emperor, Liu Xian, who is manipulated by the malicious despot, Cao Cao. Bei, a poor mat weaver, steps up to the plate and helps to put down the Yellow Scarf rebellion under Zhang Jue and the story takes off from there. Zhuge Liang does not actually come into the story until much later and dies in the middle of the fourth volume, but his importance is immeasurable. This story is a must-read for history fans as well as fans of any of the video game series about the time period (Dynasty Warriors, Romance of the Three Kingdoms, Dynasty Tactics, etc.). Fans of the video game series will love to hear tales of their favorite characters, such as Guan Yu, Zhang Fei, Zhao Yun and many more. An important thing to keep in mind when reading Luo Guanzhong's novel is that it is a biased account of the events. Luo Guanzhong is what I call a pro-Shuist, or someone who supports Shu (the kingdom ruled by Liu Bei), so Shu feats may be embellished and fans of the other kingdoms (Wei, Wu) might be frustrated as many of their favorite characters will not be viewed as positively as they may deserve to be. With this in mind, "The Three Kingdoms" is a fun, if not lengthy, read and will keep you turning the pages. The story isn't terribly difficult to follow but some may have trouble keeping track of the cast of characters (some 600 plus characters in all) and all of their names. What I mean by 'all of their names' is that the chinese had the surname (Zhuge), the given name (Liang) and a style (Kongming). Some officers are called by all three names and it can be difficult to follow. Zhuge Liang is called many things over the course of the novel, in addition to his surname, given name and style, but it shouldn't be to hard to follow. Probably easier then following my explanation of it, at any rate. My major complaint with this edition (and it is minor) is the poor proofreading and the poor quality of the paper and binding. This book was published to Beijing standards and would not meet American standards. You will have to be a little careful with the book while reading it, but that's not too big of a problem. Also, the typos (two or three a chapter) can get annoying and make you wonder who was proofreading the book and make you think that you could do a better job (and you probably could). That aside, this is a very enjoyable story and you will not be disappointed in buying the four-volume unabridged set translated by Moss Roberts.
One of the greatest of epic novels. I received this book as a gift, and I'll treasure it forever. I know I'll return to it several times in the future to reread it. The book is as long as five novels, but it's more fun than almost any five novels you could choose. The epic sweep through 110 years of Chinese history is amazing. The narrative is swift and compelling. The battles are spectacular and exciting. The characters--especially Kongming, Cao Cao, and Lord Guan--are wonderfully memorable and alive. The English translation, aside from a few typos and misspellings, is good. I don't speak Mandarin, so I wish someone would make a movie version of the story in English, or provide a subtitled version of one of the many Chinese screen adaptations. If I have one problem with the book, it's the character of Xuande. He's weak and indecisive, and lacks the qualities needed in an epic hero. It's hard to see what the other characters saw in him.
Like many people I first heard of this novel through the games from Koei. I played romance of the three kingdoms on my Nintendo when I was in high school. A few years ago I started playing the dynasty warriors series of games on the playstation. I had always wanted to read the novel, and I'm glad I did. The story starts around 185 AD, just at the end of the Han dynasty. It continues until the end of the Han dynasty in 220, and finally to the reunification of china around 280. The principle characters are rulers, generals, and politicians that make up the Wu, Wei, and Shu kingdoms. The book is really fast read, considering that the book is 2400+ pages long, it really didn't take that long to read. It is interesting and something is always going on. I don't think I would have enjoyed being a third century Chinese general. They have a pretty short life. It was kind of sad when character that I really like got killed, but considering the time span of the novel it was bound to happen. The novel does focus on the time period from 185-220, after that things start going pretty quick and after 235 AD the story is essentially over, except for a few details. I can't recommend it enough, you could read it 50 times and still get something out of it. If I were stuck on a desert island, this would be one of the books I'd like to have. Now all I need to do is visit china and see some of this stuff from the book
[This review is actually for the unabridged Moss Roberts translation] This book lives up to its reputation as a source-book for Chinese adventure, politics, history, culture and just plain swashbuckling fun. For the translator, it is a work of a lifetime - this comes from an amateur sinologist who remains daunted by the original texts of works such as Three Kingdoms. Roberts joins David Hawkes in the all-time Chinese translation hall of fame. For those interested in an introduction to the drama and adventure that provide the framework for Chinese thinking about large issues such as nation-building and nation-destroying, love, honor, war and peace, this is the ultimate guidebook. Long before Gibbon wrote the "Decline and Fall ..." and Asimov wrote the Foundation series, the Chinese were obsessed with the process of dynastic change and transformation in their own country. It is impossible to overstate the role of this work in Chinese culture -- it is as if everyone in the West actually grew up reading -- and loving -- the Iliad and the Odyssey. In the sweep of history, though, the personal is not lost. Personalities large and small march across the scene and the reader is swept up in their strivings to find a place and something to strive for as the structure of the world turns upside down. For the great Han Dynasty is falling, and no one knows what new configuration will take its place. Military and political geniuses, opportunists, men (and woman, who play a significant role) of cruelty and vision emerge to strive in a chaotic arena, seeking to make their mark on the new order to come. In this sense, Three Kingdoms is a human story which repeats itself again and again, but this is one of the bejewelled versions. Roberts' translation is accompanied by extensive endnotes, which are fascinating to the Sinologist, but which cannot help but distract from the action. Reserve them for later perusal. Finally, the translator has done a tremendous job of translating the poetry in the book - often used to eulogize heroes and martyrs who give their lives out of loyalty to their leaders or who go down fighting in a losing cause. These bits of verse help to cast the necessary sense of the futility of human strivings which pervades this work and the Chinese sensibility generally. The heroes see their own deeds as tiny drops in a great river of history, and their names to be forgotten in years to come. If Cao Cao, Liu Bei and Zhuge Liang only knew how Luo and Roberts have extended their memory in times and worlds they could never have imagined.
First off, you have to read the full translation of this book.  I read the 1976 abridged version of Three Kingdoms translated by Moss Roberts first and thought it was pretty good, but felt that the story wasn't developed  enough and lacked cohesion.  Then a few years ago I finally found and  purchased the full unabridged version published by the University of  California Press and also translated by Dr. Roberts.  This is the  full-blown epic from start to finish with all the details and many of the  translation errors of the previous editions eliminated.  The prose was also  improved and flows eloquently throughout the book's entire 3000+ pages.  Three Kingdoms is the tale (part historical, part legend and myth) of the  fall of the Later Han Dynasty of China.  It chronicles the lives of those  feudal lords and their retainers who tried to either replace the empire or  restore it.  While the novel actually follows literally hundreds of  characters, the focus is mainly on the 3 families who would eventually  carve out the 3 kingdoms from the remnants of the Han.  The Liu family in  the Shu kingdom led by Liu Bei, The Cao family in Wei led by Cao Cao, and  the Sun family in Wu eventually led by Sun Quan.  The book deals with the  plots, personal and army battles, intrigues, and struggles of these  families to achieve dominance for almost 100 yrs.  This book also gives you  a sense of the way the Chinese view their history:  cyclical rather than  linear (as in the West).  The first and last lines of the book sum this  view up best: "The empire long united must divide..." and  "The empire long divided must unite..." If you are at least a  little interested in Chinese history (ancient or modern) and culture this  book is a must read.
When I first read Three Kingdoms it was quite a confusing story, what with all the endless characters that came and went, not to mention the impossibility of pronouncing their names properly! Nonetheless, I was captivated by the quality of the story, despite the very basic narrative style (being hundreds of years old) and the fairly simple way it must have been translated. With the amount of trials and tribulations that the reader witnesses in following the extremely incredible characters, it is no wonder that these real people from history mean so much to people today, nearly two thousand years later. Containing personalities of all kinds, Three Kingdoms offers so much wisdom and excitement, that once you get past the first couple of chapters, you are really drawn into a whole new world. To follow the struggles of men like Guan Yu, Cao Cao and Zhuge Liang as they fight for peace amongst the absolute chaos, gives hope and solutions to any of the problems one can face in today's world. Yet there are hundreds of characters who fight by their sides in attempts to reunite China, each having their own story to contribute to this immortal saga. It is truly a credit to Luo Guanzhong the way he managed to interweave so many storys, and yet stay prevalently factual. If you can get past the confusion and the slight redundancy of the narrative style, Three Kingdoms is a story you have to read within your lifetime, and preferably as soon as possible. According to DW3K.COM, there is a new version of Three Kingdoms that is to be released soon, designed to be more entertaining and less confusing than the 600 year old original. Apparently it will still contain all of the wisdom from Luo Guanzhong's, but will make a much more accessable and hopefully even more enjoyable way to learn about Three Kingdoms. In the meantime I can also suggest the other 3 chinese classics, in english known as Dream of the Red Chamber/Dreams of Red Mansions(Romance), Monkey King/Journey to the West (Adventure/Fantasy) and Water Margin/Outlaws of the Marsh (Adventure). Each are incredible stories in their own right, and are in many ways equal or even better than Three Kingdoms/Romance of Three Kingdoms.
Much better than Game of Thrones.  I read this book about ten times now.  I can't get over how good it is.  I've read over ten thousand books in my life time, and I have to say this is probably my favorite out of all of them.
I bought the book with some background of the subject(s) so I had a good idea of what it would be like. It is written differently than most American writers' style, which may be weird to somebody that does not realize how authentic the subject and writing actually is. The book is very detailed and for anyone that loves Chinese history of the 150-200 AD period, this book will give you a good description of it. The characterization and background of the main parties is very in-depth and you get a great idea of the temperaments for all the main characters. What keeps me from giving this a 5 star rating is that some words are missed due to translation errors, as well as some poor attempts at dramatizing certain moments. Other than those few awkward moments, I am really enjoying the books. I love the story, characters and overall cultural depictions.
Last year a friend of mine recommended this masterpiece of Roberts to me to sharpen my English and I found it's a masterwork as excellent as that of the original author about 500 years ago. It's said that the literature works belong to their own ethnic groups, their languages and can't be translated without losing or adding the meaning. But this epic translated by Roberts completely grasps the meaning of Chinese, both literal meaning, culture meaning and history background meaning of words, not only the surface meaning but also the deep meaning------the meaning in English is just the same as that in Chinese, no more and no less. If a Chinese author translated this middle-ages novel to modern Chinese as Prof. Roberts to modern English, he can do no more and better than Prof. Roberts. 30 years ago as a boy I read this Chinese epic of Luoguan Zhong but ignored the last 15 chapters whose content is about how "traitor" overwhelmed "loyalists" and not "political correct". But this English version read I from the 1st word to the last word including the annotation which contains many Chinese history events and lores even common Chinese don't know. The shortcoming of this translation is to non-Chinese readers, especially the English name of the people/place in this history fiction. I think western readers will be easily confused because when 30 years ago I firstly read this book I was also confused except tens of the main roles. But the translation of title is so cool. "''"(['kau'tsu]the earliest ancestor of this dynasty) and "'''''"([tai'tsu'wu'hug'di]the 1st emperor and the founder of this dynasty with many martial merits) is translated to "Augustus"-------the only and very  correct translation I think. In Chinese books about Julius Caesar Augustus in Rome history, "Augustus" is simply transliterated to "''''"[au'gu'si'du], because hardly a corresponding ancient Chinese title can be found , "'''''" is the fittest one.
This is the unabridged version and truly a masterpiece.  I was familiar with a very small portion of the history during this time period before I read it, so that encouraged me to try it out.  If you love epic stories, this is a great one.  Guanzhong based his novel on solid historical facts while adding some fictional elements in order to bring out the characters and events for the reader.  I've heard it said, and I agree with it, that it is 70% history and 30% fiction.  Addtionally, this is a must read for any fans of the Dynasty Warriors gaming series.  My recommendation is that if you have any interest in this period of Chinese history or stories of heroics and loyalty-to-the-death, buy it, and I guarantee that you wont regret it.
the other reviews probably say enough about the Three Kingdoms for me not to repeat them.  I came to this novel after playing the old Koei games, and I loved reading it. My only problem with the box set is that the books' format seemed very poor to me.  After paying 50 bucks (with shipping), it was a little disappointing to realize I only got three (yes three, though the entire novel was there.  I have no idea why it says "4-Volume Boxed Set") little paperbacks, with a very very small typeset on filmy paper that is very easy to smudge and smear.  Also, there are more typos than there are hairs in Cao Cao's beard.  Distracting. I don't think you should let this deter you from reading the three kingdoms.  But perhaps, if you know you're going to love it, you might want to wait until a much higher class version comes out than the one from the university press I got.
This book is a truly epic tale of ancient civilization. It is a historical fiction of roughly 180-280 AD (the period of the fall of the Han dynasty), with Liu Bei and "Peach Garden" brothers set as the heros. The plot of this 2000+ page tale centers around the political and military exploits of various leaders of the age. The dissolving the dynastic rule, the rise of warlords, and the subsequent consolidation into three major kingdoms. The story telling is superb, in echoing themes from earlier chapters, and for thematically bonding disparate events and characters. The story also mixes in many different observations into the nature of morality, politics, leadership, and loyalty. This translation seems to be based on the Mao edition, the footnotes are helpful for understanding the historical allusions and identifying where the fiction differs from history. This printing has a fair number of typos, that are sad, but not very detracting from the story.
Four GREAT Chinese classics roam over Chinese Literature, and among those (Romance of the three kingdoms, Dream of the Red Chamber, the Monkey King, and ShueyHudran), Romance of the three kingdoms is deemed as second place, right after the Dream of the Red Chamber. It is a work in the plot of the Three Kingdoms history book, which is written in ancient Chinese and is thus very hard to comprehend. The Romance of the Three Kingdoms however, is a very intriguing accomplishment. However, if one read the translation version, one must bear in mind that there are lots names very similar. I myself have read the Chinese version, which made it much easier to comprehend. The storyline is an adventure, and a great warning to imperialism. The three kingdoms stand in enmity and eventually none of them won. This is the Three-Kingdom tragedy, and the end of the Three-Kingdom dynasty. Lots of symbolism and fables to be interpreted. Very thoughtful and comprehensive, all plot tied up extremely conherently. The characters, as far as I know, are all real. China could not have thrived without the greatness of the Three Kingdoms, for it developed numerous Chinese proverbs, numerous location names, and numerous Gods to be worshiped. It is one of the greatest classics in the world, and it must be savored - every bit of it.
You should. Three Kingdoms is the number 2 bestseller in the history of mankind after King James Bible. Couple billion readers cannot be wrong so have your faith in this book. Three Kingdoms.... I read it about 8 times now. Everytime I read it, I learn something new or see a different point of view according to my own maturity. You can talk about Tolkien, Jordan, Martin and other masters of fantasy novels but unless you read this one, you don't know what the hell you are talking about. Part fiction, part history, get ready to immerse yourself in epic that is equal to none. You have just found the book of your dreams.
I first became familiar with the Three Kingdoms period through the video game "Romance VII" (on PS2). Through the game, I was able to understand what each charecter is capable of doing, which illustrated a clear narrative of the basic concepts involved. After playing "Romance VIII" & "Romance X", I more or less understood what the novel had to offer. After playing these games, I decided to go to the main source - the novel. While reading the novel, I started associating the images and scenarios from the games with the text. Although you will know how most events will unfold, the endless names, ranks, locations and procedures, will make sense; which without, you will be bored to death. So to sum things up, I highly recommend you play some of the romance games (in particular "Romance X") so to know how significant some events (like the meeting of the brothers, or the battle with the 'strongest man under heaven') are.
The story itself is amazing, the translation lively and I like that it had little pictures once in a while to give me a picture in my head of what these characters looked like. HOWEVER...There are quite a few spelling mistakes, out-of-place words, and mixed up letters (b,d and p,q).  I bought a set directly from China so I'm not sure if the edition for sale in North America has these flaws.  They don't cause any major comprehension problems, but they're frequent enough for me to knock off 1 star. Still, this is the translation you should get, even if their proof-reader should have been fired.
I got this a while ago and it was a great read if you have ever played any of the dynasty warriors games you might want to check this set out it is a good deal don't miss out on it.
I first was introduced to this story by first playing the the game Dynasty Warrriors 2 for Playstaion 2.... Even though I am not finished with the three volumes so far it has been excellent and very detailed for an a historical story that happened about two millenia ago.  I am now on the second volume and won't stop till I get to the end. One thing about these books is that it is very difficult readed and not that easy to follow at times because the names of the people can get confusing the chinese has their names, last name first and given names following and also the people in this story sometimes are called by a second name which is common in the chinese culture.  One would have to read these books at least two more times after the first to get the story down because according to my mother my grand father had read the same story in China and told my mom that he had to read it a few times to fully understand this complex time in the history of pre-feudal China and a story still being studied militarily and historically to this day.  In a nutshell dispite the difficult read and complex story which I found to a challenge it is excellent and did not before starting expect it ot be easy, is excellent for someone who wants to be challenged whether or not they have played the game or who just is intrigued by an important time in the history of China.  It is good for people just learning about this country or for some who like me have played the game and is caught by the intriguing story that the game was based on.
What of the typos and errors? whine some reviewers. "Or the tediousness of the story as a whole?", cry others. One even proposes the introduction of a television show based upon the events of the Three Kingdoms, so as to alleviate the "dullness" within this epic. So, before I begin my review, I must submit a brief warning:   If you possess the attention span of a five year old, have the vocabulary skills of a newborn (all errors can be corrected mentally, within seconds of their discovery)or prefer movies to books, than this is not for you. Hopefully anyone that suffers from all three ailments has not defiled this book by even considering its purchase. Enough ranting. To the book itself.   This is a passport to the ancient China of lore, where great heroes mingled with Taoist sorcerers, where the pageantry and lavishness of the Emperor's court was matched only by the suffering of the peasants at the other extreme. This is the China of the treacherous yet mighty Lu Bu, the wise Zhuge Liang, and the ambitious Cao Cao. And lastly, this is the China of the Three Kingdoms: Wu, Wei and Shu.   From the rout of the Yellow Scarves in the opening scenes of the novel to the fall of Wu and the unification of the Empire over a hundred years later, this story flows seamlessly, intricately weaving the clash and bloodshed of battle with the scheming and intrigue that fills the tale's early pages. This is a blend of fiction and fact, after all, so Luo Guanzhong does not have the ability to twist the plot in any one direction (though Liu Bei emerges as a hero to Cao Cao's brutal villain)and so some of the lesser fights are told matter-of-factly.   However, there is something about The Three Kingdoms - the Taoist magic, the great warriors, the colorful picture that the author paints of palace life - that keeps it fresh, and wipes away the dryness that fills other legends. While Jiang Wei's endless string of defeats at the end of the novel appears to grow old, it is only because the reader has grown so attached to the Kingdom of Shu that its losses are your losses, and so, when Liu Shan capitulates so suddenly, you are disgusted. But it had to occur, did it not? As promised in the novel's opening line: "The empire, long united, must divide. The empire long divided, must unite. So it has been..."
I'll admit, I purchased this novel because of the addictive Playstation 2 games put out by Koei that are based on the Three Kingdoms story and characters.  Even being relatively familiar with the characters and plot, I found the novel to be very difficult to digest, if only because hundreds of characters are introduced (and often killed or left behind) every few pages.  The storyline is vivid and interesting, and this is an excellent novel.  This version is very helpful due to extensive endnotes and a preface and afterword that fleshes out the background and meaning of the novel.  I would recommend it to anyone who's interested in political and military adventures, but you should be prepared to invest substantial amounts of time in reading it.
It is an excellent novel and the translation is great. When I read the story, I felt like I traveled back to the history, and witnessed the events unfolding in front of my eyes. The story depicts the loyalty, integrity, sacrifice, friendship, betrayal, treachery and human fragiltiy. Today, I can not imagine someone  can match the characters of Lord Guan and zhao Zilong for their loyalty, integrity, courage, and sacrifice. I was also amazed , perhaps, intrigue about the Emperor Xian who somehow could not seek the service from Li Xuande and his people. Perhaps, the Chinese history would have a new twist if Emperor Xian had used Li Xuande to protect the Han dynasty.  Sum it up, the reasons or culprits that led to the collapse of the Han dynasty or any other dynasties later in Chinese history were due a weak ruler, abuses of power from eunichs, or misuse of talents in the court. The irony is nobody could imagine that, in the end, the entire realm was united by Sima Yan to found the Jin  dynasty but not by Cao cao, or Li Xuande or Sun Quan as the three main characters in the story of the three kingdoms that fought against one another.
I have just finished reading this book and was moved to make a comment. First of all, I want to say that this is a complete version of  "Three Kingdoms", not an unabridged one. The Foreign Language Press published this English translation made by Moss Roberts, in four volumes and 2340 pages, which include many notes, several drawings and some maps. The edition was very carefully done. About the content, I just can say that it is a monumental painting of humanity made through the light of a very difficult time in China history. One hint: at the end of volume four, a list of principal characters is included, which results very useful along the reading. As always, thanks to Amazon that brought this book to my hands.
This book is based on the critical time at the end of the Han Dynasty. It all starts with the Yellow Scarves Rebellion lead by Zhang Jiao and his two brothers, Zhang Bao and Zhang Liang , plung the land into complete chaos. Answering the call of duty, three sworn oath brothers , Liu Bei , Zhang Fei , and Guan Yu , go to fight the menece, along with thousands of others. After that was done , Dong Zhuo , an Imperial General, was controling the Emperor like a puppet. Him and his mighty step son, Lu Bu , take control of the Imperial Court. To Stop these traitors , many great generals,  Including Cao Cao , Sun Jian , Liu Bei , and many more with the chosen leader, Yuan Shao, destroy these verman. From these events comes a chain of cause and effect that, basicly , leads to the collapseof the , once great , Han Dynasty .  Best book I've ever read, EVER. On a scale of 1 to 10 I'd give it a 15.
I don't want to leave a long comment because the truth is the book is a great classic. My only problem with it has been constant grammar errors. Once Lord Guan Yu is referred to as Lory Guan Yu, and just things like that. In fact, on the back of the book their is an error in the first line, so I will say that I wish the editor would have done a better job with the errors, but other than that, it's flawless!
First off, I'd like to say I do enjoy this book and the history behind it.  I am a history major and plan on being a novelist someday, writing ancient historical-like novels.  Thus this, and several other books, are prime for my reading list... but as a general novel I found this book lacking.  This is probably because it is translated but I found this book to be choppy as well as lacking in descriptive writing.  Sword fights between two major figures last for one or two sentences max.  There aren't any vivid descriptions of anything.  I'm not someone who needs two pages describing a flower (the worst case of long unnecessary description I've come across), but I would like to know what a character looks like more than just his height, or what a building or city looks like.  Surely major battles involving thousands shouldn't start and finish in one or two pages.  I suppose that this story could have been twice as long had he allowed descriptions, but I would have enjoyed it a bit more.
I think 3 kingdoms is a different type of novel from the Western traditional style .It doesn't focus much on the personal of characters:their feeling ,thoughts... because it has to deal with hundreds of them.The book itself is a page turner , there are many things which are repeated many times but you nerver feel boring.   In chinese we called 3 kingdoms as 70% facts, 30% myths.The main character is considered Kongming: --Kongming , a brilliant military leader and politican ,but his talent was exaggerated in the book, in formal history ,his main credit was to save the kingdom of Shu from the Wei's menace. --Sima Yi :this man is a master schemer,a superb politican and military leader.  Sima did not want a total war with the Shu because as long as Kongming ramained a menace to  Wei kingdom , he is  still useful with the Cao's family.And by distinguised himself by battles with Kongming , he gradulally gained control of the Wei ,and finally it was the Sima's family who unitied China and declared themself emperor. --Cao Cao: the Chinese love this man ,his brilliant as well as his ruthless.He was never a king , but one of the most emperor in China's history changed his nickname to Cao Cao , and Mao ZeDong writes poems to praise him. Cao Cao was extremely suspicious :" I would rather betrayed the world than have the world betrayed me". A good comapre to Cao is Stalin.
I've read many classics such as Don Quixote, War and Peace, and Guilliver's Travels.  None of these is as readily accessible to younger readers as this set of books is.  There is more action in one page of this book than any book I've read before.  And similarly, the dialogue is quick, to the point, and wastes few words.  Descriptions are minimal, explanations brief, and intrigue constant.  If you're someone (like me) that grew up on video games and television, this is likely a book you'll easily get into, likely enjoy, and almost definitely learn much from. Why the heck couldn't we have read books like this in school?
Romance of the Three Kingdoms is my favorite Chinese literature. This is one of the best classic's in Chinese history. This 4 volume set tells you one of the bloodiest war in ancient China. This is a MUST READ if you are into Chinese classics. From the uprising of Shu, Wei, and Wu and the to the unification of the whole three kingdoms.
The title of this review truly says it all for this martial epic. One would not make an overstatement by comparing this bbok to such powerful works of literature as the iliad or the nibelung.Everything from characters to plot is richly portrayed.Characters are epic and complex and he storyline is iaginative and rich. The only chinese novel that cann supposedly surpass this book is The Dream of the red chamber and I can't wait to read it
Having read both the original Chinese text and Mr. Roberts' accurate translation, I can say without hesitation  that Mr. Roberts' achievement is nothing short of monumental. If you want to understand China and how  Chinese think, this book is a must.
The Three Kingdoms have been, since its creation, the staple of literature in the Orient. It has been translated into Korean, Japanese, and numerous other languages and has been read by scholars, historians, and military strategists everywhere in Northern Asia. However, as anyone who has already read the Three Kingdoms in any of the North Eastern Asian languages will promise, the English version unfortunately does not capture the essence in which the "Odyssey" of China rose to its widespread fame and ubiquity. It lacks the characterstics that demand to stand as one of the greatest historical and legendary pieces in existence today. That is why it is literature, not simply history. The artistic hand of Luo Guanzhong is almost wiped off and a bland history with awkward word choice is left that leaves little to imagination and wonder. For people who are interested in the epics of Chinese literature, to gain a simple understanding of the events and perhaps some of the strategies, the book can be recommended. However, to truly appreciate the epic that has created sayings that if you read the story three times, you can be deemed a scholar, the translation simply lacks too much. It is unfortunately, another case of great literature unable to be shared since it was lost in translation.
These books are telling a story about what happened in the late Han Dinasty. Full of dramatic event, magnificent stategems implemented and actually fun to read as long as you have stamina to do it since it is a really thick for every volume.
probably the most popular novel in china , vietnam , japan,korean...... this is a wonderful book , maybe the greatest book i have ever known. Seeing  some reviews said that Liu Bei is the main hero of the novel ,in China we disliked and considered him a man who know nothing but cry and a demagogue . the  most fascinating character must be Cao Cao , the translation missed some quotes of him , and even the famous seven battle of Kong Ming with the barbarian ,of which he captured the rebel's leader ,realesed him ,and then recaptured..... Even with the best translator there are still some  poems, words.... that seem impossible to translate into  english , if you know chinese try to buy this book in chinese.
I am a normal 15 year old boy who likes china.  And let me tell you somthing this book is the best book ever!! It has a huge stand point on war and art. This book is the Unabriged version and has a lot of names but you will get the main people in the story. For any of you who have played the viedo game, forget everything you know because it's alot different. I give this book 5 out of 5. The version should be bought because Robert Moss has about 200 pages of helpful quotes, pictures, and maps.
It fits its hype of being one of the four Chinese classics. It takes you back in time and shows the culture, drama, and situation of China around 190 to 220 AD. You will find yourself reading the first chapter and not wanting to stop. The epic book does well by hooking the reader in.   However, there are many characters in which to remember. Luckily the characters themselves, can at many times, be distinguish from each other. Very good book indeed!
The story gets Five stars But the quality of the books gets a Three or Four. The pages are really thin and there are a lot words that are spelled incorrectly. Thankfully, the words are fairly easy to figure out, but having to solve the occasional word puzzle in the middle of the story can be quite annoying. This is still one of the greatest stories ever written and an excellent buy.
The Three Kingdoms is set right at the end of the Han dynasty and covers more than a century when the unity of China was broken.  Moss Roberts has done a good job translating this vigorous history of alliances, betrayals, bravery, cowardace, and greed.  It isn't exactly a historical novel as there are many supernatural elements, but you do get a good feeling of what life was like in those turbulent times. He cleverly puts the analytical essay at the end, since most of us wouldn't appreciate it if it had been at the beginning.
A+
The story is just beautifuly written. I love Chinese history and mythology and all that stuff and this was just... beautiful. I am really enjoying the work of these books and to all of you that like Chinese history and/or mythology, then please taky some time to read at least one volume of this series. The only thing is, the names may start to get confusing so if you don't have a very good memory, then it will get very confusing about who's who. Other than that, this was perfect.
This Book is one of the best books ever you know... Since i got the games by koei man I know alot about what happens in the game and I got a English-Korean-chinese-Japanese translated.. thats how much i like the book... It my ship like in 3 weeks...well on a scale of 1-10 i give it a 13...Seehow good it is...I don't Like reading only games but this book i read about 6 times it sooo gooooddddd....
I have been seeking to this book for a while. Now that I have gotten far into it, I can honestly say that this is a great book for anyone that has heard about it or just curious about it. It's just great!
This is definitely good book for people who want to learn history of china and from this book, you can also find some very helpful information and methods in your daily life. You should not only read this book but also you should keep a copy of it on you desk.
I love history.  Now when I read this Novel, I was in heaven.  I mena I read about the defeat of Mengde (Cao Cao) at Red Cliffs, I red about the Death of Kongming (Zhuge Liang) with great sadness.  I efinately recommend this novel to anyone.  Even if they don't like histoy, they should still find theis to be a great read.
The book is set an ancient china from 184a.d. to 236a.d. or something like that. the reason i got into this is because of Koei's Dynasty Warriors series especially 3. It has political features and also has a bunch of betrayals.
I am a big fan of The Three Kingdoms saga.  I wanted a version that in my mind was worthy of the wonder and significance of the work.  This version, for the cost, is very disappointing.  I am through the first nine chapters or so, and I must say that this version does not live up to expectations.  I see typographical and spelling (!) errors on seemingly every other page.  There are also numerous references within the text to other works and versions that make me think there have to be more comprehensive, superior versions out there.  I wanted a version that I could hang onto for decades, something worthy of prominent display on my bookshelves, and this one isn't it.  If you are new to the ROTK world, this could be a great introductory work, but only if it were $40 cheaper.  Avoid and instead try the local library.
The history (being in the non-biased form) was even more empowering than the fictional editions of, "The Romance of the Three Kingdoms"... A textbook for honor and duty.
Entertaining.
My love for tea brought me to explore the Chinese antiquity more and more
Three Kingdoms in CHINA --san guo yan yi--, its contents 70% are true and 30% fictive.Other history book --san guo zhi-- by Chen Shou (233`297),if you like Three Kingdoms,you should read this book.
One of the best stories I've ever (I don't read that much though).It makes you think that you have actualy witnessed it and to some can be found quite sad (not me).It's a bit complicated and to think but thats what i like about a book.
The post office lost the original order, and their customer service was completely unresponisive- This left me very frustrated, and just about ready to throw up my hands, until I contacted Amazon. They not only fixed the problem- they did it almost instantly, and with a smile. The books arrived a few days later, in perfect shape- thanks amazon! (Also, the Books are great!)
First off, I want to make it clear that I respect the people who love and enjoy this novel. I do not think that their opinion of it is somehow "wrong." The following, however, has been my experience: Among East Asian classics, and among Chinese classics, this novel is one of the least accessible to the average English-speaking reader. The way in which the story is told is extremely dry and downright baffling to someone schooled in Western literature. The writing had no emotional resonance ever. The lack of emotional resonance is expected, seeing as there's very little description of anything beside physical occurrences, which are summarized in very succinct form. (i.e. Character 435 stabbed Character 762, then rode to [the city of] JFDFSDG and stabbed Character 953). This sort of sentence compromises the entire book. Basically, it reads like a reference work. It's not a "novel" as most western readers would be accustomed to thinking of one. Even if you're open to forms of literature that are drastically different from anything else you've read (as I was, going into this), you'll probably find yourself too exasperated by the novel to finish. It was really a painful experience for me. However, all is not lost for the person seeking an entry into Chinese literature. I recommend Dream of the Red Chamber as a good starting novel, especially the translation published by Penguin under the title "The Story of the Stone" (don't be discouraged by the alternative title, it's the same novel as Dream of the Red Chamber). Furthermore, Red Chamber was written in the late Qing, which makes it more relevant to the modern history and identity of the region we know as China. Those looking for older quality pieces of writing from East Asia as a whole may enjoy The Tale of Genji and The Tale of the Heike more than they would enjoy Three Kingdoms. Both "Genji" and "Heike" are lengthy novels of Japanese origin, with Genji often being considered the world's first written novel, and certainly the first in East Asia. To all, Good luck in your readings.
I have not bought this kindle version.  I almost did, but i previewed it first. If the preview reflects the final product, then this is appalling. How can amazon put this up for sale? PREVIEW IT BEFORE YOU DECIDE TO BUY IT.
Book is well written and fairly easy to understand. I mainly just love the subject matter.
seller worked with me in a calm and speedy manner while thanksgiving was going on to resolve a shipping issue. product arrived very fast and in great condition.
One of the greatest book of Chinese literature
good books
I'm assuming anyone interested enough to read through reviews of Three Kingdoms needs no convincing in terms of the story itself. It is, without questions, a superb epic and more than worth anyone's time (of which you will need a lot if you are to finish it). In light of this, my review will focus specifically on Moss Roberts's unabridged edition of Three Kingdoms. To anyone wondering whether to go with Brewett-Taylor's 1920's translation or this one, I say look no further. To begin with, Moss Robert's translation uses the all but universally adopted system of Pinyin, whereas Brewett-Taylor's (published before Pinyin was devised) used the Wade-Giles romanisation system - now out of use everywhere except Taiwan. Thus, when Moss Roberts writes "Cao Cao" and "Sima Yi", Brewett-Taylor writes "Ts'ao Ts'ao" and "Ss'uma Ii". Not only are the Pinyin names in wider use now, they are also easier to read. Secondly, the language is far more accessible in the Moss Roberts version. This is not to say that it is dumbed down - quite the contrary. The translations of the poems and couplets are beautifully rendered and capture the emotional tone conveyed in the original Chinese very well; they even rhyme most of the time. Lastly, this revised edition contains a long list of vital characters, footnotes, an expanded set of illustrations and maps (the maps come in handy when trying to visualise key battles and events). There is also a superb afterword which, at 120 pages long, does a great job of contextualising the novel in terms of its place in Chinese culture and historiography. It sorts fact from fiction, for anyone interested in the historical aspect of the novel (it is, after all, a romanticised and often fictionalised account of the period). These three facts alone place the updated Moss Roberts edition far above Brewett-Taylor's in my opinion. Nevertheless, this edition is not without flaws, and I would be remiss not to point them out. Firstly, there are the typos. It's a shame that the editor didn't or couldn’t to sift through them in earnest, as they are both numerous and grating. Secondly, the quality of the cover, the box and the paper, doesn't live up to the content - particularly given its cultural and historical significance. Lastly - and this is the big one - there are the spoilers. Yes, you heard me. The spoilers. While the introduction and the footnotes do a superb job of clarifying, contextualising and elaborating, they are also often guilty of revealing the turn of events long before the reader has got to that part of the story. Thus, we are told the ultimate fate of Liu Bei, Zhuge Liang, Cao Cao, the Wei, the Southland, and the Shu, far in advance of getting there ourselves. Unless Moss Roberts thought that only those already versed in the historical period of the Three Kingdoms would read this, I cannot fathom why he would deem it appropriate or even necessary to reveal such things to the reader without warning him first. I suppose this was published before the phrase *spoiler alert* was coined. I would therefore be inclined to recommend that readers who wish to remain unspoiled avoid the introduction and the footnotes sections altogether. However, given how useful the footnotes actually are (for the most part) in terms of aiding the reader through esoteric references to historical figures, historical events, and cultural themes, I cannot endorse that recommendation fully. It is a shame, because the footnotes are essential to all but the most well versed sinologists, and yet they ultimately rob the reader of the pleasure of being surprised at crucial points in the story. However, despite these flaws, I still loved Moss Roberts's edition. It's easy to tell how enamoured and engrossed he was by this story, and his passion shines through in this beautiful translation, promising to make for a spectacular read. I, for one, look forward to rereading it in the future.
I bought this way back in 2009, and I didn't finish it until 2012. I wasn't reading it continously the whole time - on and off, rereading parts when I left it for too long. I think I read the first volume 3 times. This generally is not a hugely enjoyable read, when reading it, but I'm still glad I did. There are 4 volumes in a slightly flimsy cardboard cover to keep them together. The pages themselves are extremely thin (paper-thin...), but even though I traveled a fair amount with some of these books stuffed in a bag, the pages never got ripped etc. The pages maybe need to be this thin so that the books aren't ridiculously thick. There are some pictures and maps in the books, but I didn't use them that much. You will need a second bookmark so that you can refer to the footnotes at the back of the book that are constant throughout the books. Often these footnotes give an alternative translation from another source, which aren't that useful, hut sometimes you need them - a character may have last appeared 1000 pages ago, and you need a reminder of who they are. The translation seems pretty coherent at least, but certainly doesn't portray the poetic nature of the original Chinese. At the time I bought this, there was one other translation version that the reviews said is more poetic (I think it has actually been uploaded to read for free online, since it's from the 1930's or something). I chose this one for no partucular reason, but for me I'm glad I did, because trying to read this is a semi-poetic language woypd have increased the challenge even more. But maybe that's just me, I couldn't finish LoTR...
Three Kingdoms is, for the uninitiated, a (partly fictional) account of the events leading up to the transition from the Han Empire to the Jin Empire in China during the last part of the 3rd Century.  The story is, in the Far East, an iconic tale, with characters and events spawning idioms and influencing the actions of strategists, general and rulers for centuries to come, not to mention the countless media interpretations, such as the John Woo  movie 'Red Cliff' and the video game 'Dynasty Warriors' series. The entire story covers almost 100 years, and the breadth of characters and affiliations in the era is so great that it was inevitable - in addition to bias - that the carriers of the tale would caricature most of it to create a simple 'good vs. evil' tale.  So, once the several hundred pages of set-up are complete - which is good in itself, as the united heroes face rebel Yellow Scarves, scheming eunuchs, evil Dong Zhuo, valiant Lu Bu and arrogant Yuan Shao - the story turns into a struggle between the virtuous Liu Bei, the treacherous Cao Cao, and the opportunistic Sun Quan.  But it's the supporting cast that really make the story work; the iconic Guan Yu and Zhao Zilong, the semi-comedic Zhang Fei, and the multi-gifted strategist Zhuge Liang carry Liu Bei's cause, fearsome Zhang Liao, enduring Zhang He and the Machiavellian Sima Yi fight for Cao Cao, while the jealous genius Zhou Yu, painfully noble Huang Gai and prodigy Lu Xun support Sun Quan.  And that's nowhere near all.  None of the portrayals are historically accurate - some being downright unfair - but it makes an epic read nonetheless. The main attraction is the lack of that aforementioned simplicity, however; the Wu kingdom provide the Liu Bei cause with the ally they need to defeat Cao Cao at Red Cliffs, but end up being the cause of his downfall later as the two sides argue over the provinces of Jingzhou.  And after that, well... read and learn.  The 'plot twists' of this 3-way power struggle are pretty much the bait and hook, with the fate of Guan Yu needing especial mention. It has to be said, however, that for some readers, the style may be uncomfortable (not to me personally, but other people I have shown the book to have said this).  The story often shifts between the different groups, sometimes covering three or more sets of characters at once, and many amount to nothing more than exposition.  This version also features a lot of translations of poems and sayings that can, to anyone not interested in Chinese culture, seem superfluous.  The final 15 chapters also lack the scope of the earlier ones, as all of the main characters are no longer present for whatever reason.  Repetition is something else I hear aimed at this novel; well, history has an annoying habit of repeating itself, with generation after generation refusing to learn from very-well-documented mistakes.  This is, in fact, part of the point the novel makes, with mistakes seen at the start being repeated by the next generation at the end, with similar consequences. All in all, this is a book I actually returned to more than once, and there's enough to keep a person looking for depth and scope reading for a long time to come (it's already been a staple read in China for 1700 years, so there you have it!). But for 'Reader Lites' out there, there are other ways to enjoy the story... other book translations, John Woo's Red Cliff, subtitled copies of CCTV's 82-part TV series, and I even understand there's a graphic novel version if you know where to look. Either way, give this tale a try; you won't be disappointed.
I bought this set of books a while ago because they looked interesting. I am also a huge fan of the war which happened in China as I played the Dynasty Warriors franchise from number 2 and have watched the red cliff films which are about the war. This book is well written and tells the war the right way which is very interesting and amazing to read. A truly inspirational book as it brings together different types of character and you see what way they approach the war and deal with it.
This set of books is defiantly worth the buy if you're into Chinese history and its ancient tales! However, i only give 4 stars to this product overall simply because the box the four books come in is very thin and not very well made, and the books themselves have paper that seems to be about the same thickness as bible paper :P But its not really a problem, just somewhat cheaply made to keep the cost down I suppose, but worth it :D Just be careful when reading not to tare pages :)
Edition is as described - what more could one want? Paper is a bit thin and cheap, but that doesn't really bother me
This isn't the full version. It's a stupid comic book despite the description saying it's the full book
Often the narrative is a little unusual when put into the modern context but if you have a love of history, or even just the video game "Dynasty Warriors" then this is the perfect book for you. Bit long though...
A huge novel.
brought this for my friend in poland and he said he F'IN loves it
Great item, and excellent customer service!!
Delivery was timely.  Book was in good condition, but I underestimate the difficulty in reading such small print in a tight format. The print was much too close to the spine to properly pick out the last words of a line. The book is much needed, so I ordered a more readable format.
No resulta sencillo traducir una obra escrita en chino del siglo XIV. La traducción de Moss Roberts  está considera por muchos como la mejor, fiel al original, fluida, con abundantes notas aclaratorias. La edición, en cuatro pequeños tomos, es muy manejable.
I am just one of the many people who enjoyed reading the Three Kingdoms. What I have to mention however is the terrifying amount of spelling mistakes and the bad overall quality of printing. To give you one of many examples: In Volume 1 about one quarter of the text section on a certain page was completely missing. Soon afterwards I discovered that lost part printed over the lines of the next page. Those pages were completely incomprehensible.I might just have had bad luck with my copy, at least I really hope no one else received one of those.
A very good translation, with notes amendments versions and expanding historical information. The full work in just four volumes.
Sehr hochwertige Aufmachung.  Top verarbeitet und gut verpackt. Es war ein Geschenk für meinen Schatz und er hat sich wirklich sehr gefreut.  Definitiv empfehlenswert
Those people who are upset about typos...it does not occur very often and any decently educated person should be able to self-correct the typos easily, so...suck it up whiners.
You haven't red that book yet? What are you waiting for? Although there is a lot of romance (not implicitly), the history facts are present and you can learn a lot in the department of human behavior and interactions.
I can say that for the price the quality is good indeed. The paper of the pages is thin but nevertheless it feels good to read. Actually it has it's good points because the Novel is quite long and like this it doesn't take up much space. That is helpful when you - like me - are a person who still likes to carry real books everywhere you go. All in all thumbs up!
I haven't even read the book but feels WORST and DISAPPOINTED. Why couldn you mention that this is completely pictures like the scanned pages... You can't zoom in or zoom out... Fonts are too small to read through. Very bad.
Along with the Water Margin, its one of the greatest chinese novels. It should be a must read. It arrived in one day in good condition
Wonderful introduction to Chinese history. Complex characters, detailed history and reads like a dream. A must for anyone interested in China.
While the story itself is a masterpiece, as well as it coming in an attractive box, this version has an issue making a segment of the story unreadable. Pages 336-374 are completely blank, folded into the spine of the book itself, or missing. It may have been just misfortune on my behalf, but this misfortune thoroughly ruined a good book for me. A smaller annoyance is the fact that the pages are so thin that the text from the other pages leak through quite easily.
WHEN I FOUND OUT THAT THE SET WAS PRINTED IN CHINA,I WAS UNSURE ABOUT THE PURCHASE. I HAVE TO SAY THAT THE PRINT IS PRETTY GOOD AND ALTHOUGH THE BOOKS IN THE SET ARE 4, THEY LOOK LIKE AVERAGE BOOKS, NOT TOO BIG.
Die Bücher kamen in dem erwarteten Zeitraum an, haben eine gute Qualität und ich freu mich darauf sie zu lesen. Bisher waren keine Mängel zu erkennen und der Preis war wirklich angemessen.
Bought it for my son & it was exactly as he expected!!😊
Rapide et bon état
One of the best translations of a wonderful classic. I really love Three Kingdoms novel and is the third time I'm reading it.
good
One of the best books ever...a masterpiece. I really recommend it!! The translation is quite good indeed. A perfect 10.
This was exactly as ordered. This version is the correct and true interpretation of the original books. Very pleased
The delivery has been fast and punctual. The collection is in very good conditions. I recommend to use their services.
This is a semi-historical epic set about 1700 years ago, telling of the growth of factionalisation and political intrigue in China that resulted in outright war. Essentially this is a story of a number of heroic figures and the battles they wage with each other. The main characters are pretty interesting, particularly the deviously clever Cao Cao. But the story lacks the fantastical element of  Outlaws of the Marsh Vol 1-4 , or indeed its humour. It's certainly a more challenging read. The notes to the edition are excellent, so if you want to know about the history of this period and see this in a semi-fictional context -- think Tacitus  The Annals of Imperial Rome (Classics)  if you've read him -- then this is great. It just wasn't interesting enough to hold my attention for the 2,500 pages it takes to reach its conclusion.
Edtion sympathique, illustrée, au prix abordable. A lire avec les trois autres grands classiques de la littérature Chinoise, Outlaws of the Marsh, Journey to the West et A Dream of Red Mansions.
The original version is super.
4 tomes format poche. Satisfait
Il s'agit bel et bien de l'édition complète en quatre volumes sous coffret. Evidemment, c'est en anglais. It really is the complete publication in a four-volume set. Enjoy!
This was a Christmas present, and the recipient said it was super to read, so there is not much else I can say about it!
It takes well over 300 pages to get past the initial, and perpetual, internicine military battles and skirmishes, all of which are described summarily. When the book finally lets up on the constant military skirmishes and battles, it does so only briefly and in doing so becomes somewhat more nuanced with some scheming, lying, backstabbing, etc. Opportunism abounds in these sections and often, but not always, trumps loyalty and honor - changing factions and turning on one's leader is a fairly common occurence here. At 892 pages in, the book has only very briefly broken free of its military confines - Three Kingdoms mainly deals with a power struggle, the outcome of which is determined mostly through military actions. As far as I can tell, there is little to be found in the book that isn't related to this aforesaid power struggle and associated skirmishes and battles, so it's not going to appeal to people who are looking for something profound or insightful (outside of military tactics). Initially, I enjoyed the simple straighthtforwardness of it, despite finding it to be lacking in more subtle forms of expression, such as can be found in other classics such as The Tale of Genji, Hamlet, or The Brothers Karamazov, for instance. I've grown tired of it though as military scheming and fighting is virtually all the book is about and at that, it isn't done very well, especially by modern standards - just brief, matter of fact accounts along the lines of "Then he struck ××××× a single blow, and he fell dead from his horse." I usually have lots of patience for older literature (I read and enjoyed War And Peace,  Don Quixote, and the unabridged Life Of Johnson, and countless other old books, for example), but I fear my patience has run out here...essentally it's been a  waste of time and money (bought the whole unabridged Moss Roberts translation). I kept reading it due to all the positive reviews, hoping it would improve.
My fault but I didn't realise it was a comic/graphic novel.
本書は、いくつかある三国演義または三国志演義の版本のうち現在最も流布している毛本を底本とした全訳である。 また、毛本以前の版本との異同についても約150頁にも渡る注釈の中で言及されている。Moss Robertsによる本書は、前文に、中国での出版を前提に準備され、欧米の読者の便宜のために注釈が加えられたとある。本書の訳文とTaylorの訳文と比較すると本書の訳文の方が読み易いように感じる。ただ、Taylorの訳文の方がより格調高い文語文であるという見方もある。 　Robertsの訳文とTaylorの訳文とには地名・人名等の中国語表記に大きな違いがある。中国のピンイン(Pinyin)というローマ字表記法は1958年に制定され、1979年に正式採用されたため、Robertsは現在一般的なPinyin表記を採用しているが、Taylorは旧来のWade式表記を採用している。表音の意味ではWade式の方が読み易いが、現在入手しやすい中国語の辞書はピンインが一般的である。余談であるが、その他に繁体字版の中国語辞書で採用されている注音符号というピンインが制される以前の正式表記もある。 特に人名はスペルのよく似た別人との混同を避けるため、あるいは日本語版の三国志で慣れ親しんだ登場人物の誰にあたるのか特定するために、是非とも漢字表記を知りたくなる。そのような読者にはTaylorの訳は薦められない。ただ、辞書を用いずに中国語の原書または邦訳を傍らに参照しながら読む読者にはどちらの訳本でも構わないでしょう。
Although the it's not a side-by-side translation, the translator's grasp of Chinese language is top-notch, matched only by his creative English writing. As for the original book itself, it's very long story with hundreds of characters and twists and turns like the Game of Thrones, except the stories are based on a vivid part of Chinese history.
Useless
Now for the diatribe.  This is the 2nd translation I have read. For the westerner all the Chinese names can get confusing. One approach is to imagine an Asian coming to America and all your friends names are Smith, Jones, and Williams. At least I know quite a few, and they are NOT related. This translation actually has an appendix in the 2nd volume that lists all the names. REALLY HELPFUL!   Personally, I started reading the 1st translation I have, (in four volumes "not for sale in the USA") as the tv series, Game of Thrones got into it's 2nd season. My friends, who I watch it with are fanatics about the series. makes sense it has been the #1 TV show, several years running. For me, the Three Kingdoms has been much more enjoyable. Sometimes history is just better than the the most creative fiction. Now, this is a romanticized version of a piece of early Chinese history almost 2000 years ago. Every so often, I have to remind myself that this stuff essentially did happen. There is one scene, (an event in actual history) regarding some actions by Cao Cao that is, well, still talked about today in China, and a very dark stain to Chinese history. (OK, so there are some serious stains in Scottish and western history..)   As a westerner, I have to keep reminding myself that so much of what I am reading did actually happen. Even when I step away and remind myself that the author himself, (or whom this writing is  accredited to), lived centuries later. Well, the authors time is STILL over 1,000 years ago! Step away from Games of Thrones, or better, since the series has to wait for the author to catch up, use that break and read this series. Don't worry if all the names and locations appear confusing. Just read it. I read half of it over two days non-stop. (fortunately it was the weekend) and I am NOT a bookworm. It is hard to get me to sit down and read something. Perhaps I am praising this work too much... However, I really feel that this story is one that every westerner in the 21st century should read. It will not explain China or even Asian culture today. As it is considered one of the "5 classics" in Asian culture. It is Camelot on steroids. It almost puts the American Civil War to sleep, and as a proud American, I wish the story of our founding fathers could be half as exciting. Have fun and good luck!  Don't try to read it on the bus! or during your lunch break. You might get fired for no showing up to work..
Moss Roberts' translation is absolutely fantastic. Much more alive than others. Take the opening sentences: "Here begins our tale. The empire, long divided, must unite; long united, must divide. Thus it has ever been." Compare this with Taylor's translation: "Domains under heaven, after a long period of division, tends to unite; after a long period of union, tends to divide. This has been so since antiquity." Or Hegel's: "Empires wax and wane; states cleave asunder and coalesce." It's really no contest. Roberts' prose is lively and absolutely engaging throughout. He's that rare translator who not only understands the nuances of the original language but has a keen ear for English prose. The only complaint I have about this edition is that all the footnotes (and there are a *lot*) are at the back of the 2nd volume, which means that while reading the first two-thirds of the epic, you have to carry around both volumes (and these are big, heavy books). I don't know if there are other high-quality printings of Roberts' translation which might improve on this issue, but I wouldn't even consider a different translator. [This review is a duplicate of the one I submitted for volume 1]
Good book. Accurately described.
Thank you.
I first encountered Moss Roberts' translation in a greatly abridged version which I took with me on my first trip to China.  It greatly increased my enjoyment of the trip.  Now Dr. Roberts has completed his translation of the whole novel.  It is much more readable than the only other complete translation in English, that of Brewitt-Taylor.  Many centuries of Chinese have used this book to gain wisdom about politics and war; I highly recommend that you take a look.
A True classic
Timeless classic.  Very nice paper binding!
Its like lord of the rings but Asian you should play dynasty warriors 8 and watch redcliff to get a feel for it or even read toilkens books to get you in the mood
Well written.
Great package, with protection. I receive it in a week. Take care about additionnal cost for TVA of your own country Nothing to say, good job
As a kid, one of my favorite video games was ' ' on the NES.  I played that game until TWO cartridges died from usage.  Later, on Playstation, I found ' ' and noticed a lot of similar names.  I played it and it was FANTASTIC.  I thought I was fulfilled in my living of Chinese myth/history until my mother bought me this four volume set for Christmas.  I was dumbfounded and immediately tore the plastic wrapping off and started reading.  They were all there.  All my favorite characters in my favorite games were all there and now, they had depth, they were people on the page in print living out the digital approximations I had loved so much.  Watching the formation of the Kingdom of Shu lead by the virtuous Liu Bei and Guan Yu with insurmountable strategist Zhuge Liang as the Prime Minister; seeing the power-hungry Cao Cao usurping the Han Emperor's throne; the brilliant but always foiled plans of Zhou Yu to kill Zhuge Liang; this wonderful story woven through each volume is PURELY RIVETING!  Play the games!  Buy the books! Live the adventure!
I was at home, with two cars in the drive, delivery instructions clearly stated if not at home leave in rear porch. The driver went to the rear porch which has a closed but unlocked door but rather than place them inside the porch he took the lazy option and placed the package on the 'Milk Box' to the right of the porch door. It should be noted that the goods which were in Amazon eminently recyclable but soluble packaging , it was pouring with rain and the packet contained expensive text books. Had they not have been urgently required for an academic thesis I would have returned them. However the need was great and half an hour of careful application of a hair-dryer  allowed  the pages of the uppermost volume to to separate and thus be read. Amazon is a convenient way to buy textbooks and other goods but the regularity of of crass stupidly by couriers who leave expensive items on the front doorstep and so visible from an adjacent footpath, solid state electronics left exposed to the elements  and even albeit boxed  jewelry resting against some outer door. Risky, inconsiderate, and positively the act of the indolent and those who speed rather than adhering to the instructions recorded against the delivery advice E-Mail..
A long read but possibly he best and most engrossing book I've ever read.  A massive cast of characters (fortunately there's a list of characters to refer to at the back of the book).  Footnotes help with the context but are out of the body of the text so don't interfere with the flow of the story.  The writing style of the translator makes the book very readable and it cracks along at a fair pace
great condtion excellent service & a really good read
I highly recommend this outstanding two volume set, to anyone interested in the classic literature of China. Terrific in terms of both content and shelf appeal, it's a must have for avid readers of great works.
5 stars!
This item arrived quickly and in good condition.  I hope I have purchased that right Part 1 as there were more than one book with the same title but nothing to indicate which book comes with.
Super interesting book! I read it twice
At $1.99, with enabled table of contents, excellent value. There are no notes nor explanatory matter. If the great number of characters is confusing you can find maps, relationship charts, and other resources at the 3Kingdoms Podcast site.
Great story. Well made book. Fast shipping. The print is tiny to the point of being too hard for these old eyes to read. Invest the extra money for a legible print size
What else can I say?
good read
Excellent book about the Romance warring era. Just wish the print was a little bigger. Tons of characters to keep track of too.
This edition of the Chinese classic has print that's unreadably tiny.  The print margins are nearly non-existent and the print's uneven on the pages.  I had to send it back.
One word "Epic"
Exactly what i expected and arrived early.
Print size so small it gave me a headache. I'm talking pocket bible size font...beware.
A lot of life lessons can be learned with an open mind.
Awesome read, a little slow in its pacing but what do you expect? The material predates us all.
The problem I'm having is distinguishing numerous characters from the locales mentioned.  There is very little basis to differentiate people from places as the names are so similar in spelling and the characters are many....
Probably very interesting but I could not handle the huge number of names that came up.  Very difficult to keep track of who's doing what.
Translation: Brewitt-Taylor, 120 chapters, 596186 words (Suggestions for more enjoyable reading are at the bottom of his review.) I’ve yet to run across another book that has done a better job of integrating combat action, strategy, tactics and politics.  In spite of its length I never got tired of reading it.  It leaves an impression the further you read—as I progressed through the book I noticed that I began to think more strategically--like a chess player. This is a historical novel, not an authoritative history text.  The history text of this period was RECORDS OF THE THREE KINGDOMS and like many works of fiction based on history, many parts of the ROMANCE can only have been speculation.  Also, skeptics might be unimpressed by the accounts of the supernatural (visions, omens, prophetic dreams (some of them horrible nightmares), miracles, ghosts, etc.) But the ROMANCE stands on its own as a work of fiction.  And not only do the supernatural events add a dash of spice, they’re also important in illuminating what’s going on underneath the worldly events.  For example, the fantastic account of Daoist magician, Zuo Ci, is probably as close to a peyote vision as most of us will ever get.  But it also presents us the enigma of powerful men.  Cao Cao was a great military leader and political ruler, but Zuo Ci offers him a chance to become a god.  You would think that godhood would be irresistable, but Cao Cao can’t give up his earthly power and his yearning to defeat and dominate other mortals.  In spite of that, powerful men are also hungry for supernatural powers.  They need to see the future and science only takes them so far.  They also have to dabble in religious thinking because everyone down to the humblest peasant takes the mandate of heaven very seriously.  It’s so serious that it starts a civil war in China, possibly the hardest country in the ancient world in which to wage a civil war due to its massive geographic size. This is also the story of effective military leaders and advanced military technology in the ancient world.  There were great strategists and generals like Cao Cao, Jia Xu, Xu Huang, Cheng Yu, Guo Jia, Lu Xun, Sima Yi, Deng Ai and especially Zhuge Liang.  I wish that more of the tactics that were mentioned had been fully described, but there were plenty of details.  For example, The Shu army suffered a major setback because of one bad gully.  Combats involved not only swordsmen but also messengers, logistics, engineers (tunnels, fortifications, moats, mounds, catapults), archers, incendiaries and riverine warfare.  Zhuge Liang even invented some kind of supply railroad, disguised as livestock.  Even tribesmen had metallic carriages.  This is one of the best novels I’ve ever read. 4.6 stars Suggestions for more enjoyable reading: 1. The first third of the book is essentially background. The story of how the Han dynasty became three separate kingdoms will be told here. The problem for you if you’re a Westerner (like me) is that it is chock full of Chinese names. In the course of the book you’ll become familiar with Liu Bei, Guan Yu, Zhang Fei, Cao Cao, Sun Quan, Sima Yi and Zhuge Liang. You might want to be aware of great generals and strategists like Cheng Yu, Guo Jia, Jia Xu, Lu Xun and and Xu Huang. But there are hundreds more and they’re not always easy to remember. Therefore, make a “cheat sheet” with what I would consider to be the most important names along with a small bit of biographical information on each.  (Try to limit this information to their rank, skill and who they served--You want to avoid including spoiler data.)  Do this for the names I’ve already mention and add Chen Gong, Cheng Pu, Ding Yuan, Dong Zhuo, Fan Chou, Guo Si, He Jin, Huangfu Song, Jian Shuo, Li Jue, Li Su, Lu Bu, Lu Zhi, Ma Teng, Tao Qian, Wang Lang, Wang Yun, Xun Yu, Yuan Shao, Zhang Ji, Zhang Yang, Zhou Yu and Zhu Jun. You should be able to ignore the rest.  The good news is that, after the background is covered, there won’t be many more names to remember. 2. You’ll enjoy the book much more if you have a set of good maps.  If your edition of the book lacks maps, you can find decent maps on the internet.  I found two or three maps that were useful.  I found the most useful map by googling “Map of the Three Kingdoms” and then downloading the map with the white land mass with the word “WEI” in blue, “SHU” in red and “WU” in green.  The problem is that this map is huge.  What I did was to use my graphics software to cut this map into smaller pieces.  The best idea is to cut them centering on the borders of the kingdoms because that’s where the battles will be.  I printed the JPG as a PDF document.  Then I found an online utility that converted PDF to MOBI format and put the maps on my Kindle (or did I just put the PDF on the Kindle?  Try both to see which works).  It was a bit of a pain to keep leaving the book to look at the maps, but at least I had some sense of where these guys were fighting.
If one likes reading the bible and who begets who, this is the book for you. Boring, boring, boring. It is by far the worse book I have ordered from Amazon ever.
This is a must read book for anybody who enjoys historical novels and for people who love strategy and battles.
I can't finish all my compliment for this book in this short review. You are not gonna believe it is such a splendid book until you read it yourself. This book is a saga with so much wisdom and humanity. It is as good as ancient Greek epic (with all repect to Greek) if not better. The wisdom in it is uncommonly plentiful. Trojan horse looks children's game after you finished the book. Romance of three kingdoms is a part of Chinese lives and now becoming popular in the world. Many Japanese companies make this book as a must-read for management staff. Read this book and I garantee that your time will be delightfully spent.
boring boring
Massive book. Quite hard to handle. Not for the faint-hearted.
A very precise translation of this book. Excellent for students.
Eu comprei esse livro depois de ver um vídeo na internet sobre o período dos Três Reinos na China. Foi uma compra meio impulsiva, mas o preço estava tão bom que decidi tentar. E não me arrependo de nada. O livro é um relato altamente ficcionalizado do período (em outras palavras, não leia como um livro de história muito seriamente), mas os personagens, o enredo não devem em nada para uma obra similar de hoje como Game of Thrones (e, honestamente, enquanto eu não consegui passar do primeiro capítulo de GoT, eu li até o final desse livro). O que mais me impressionou foram os personagens: você é capaz de ver personagens tão humanizados, é incrível um autor do século XIV entende muito melhor disso do que vários autores modernos. O que é divertido é ver planos se empilhando sobre planos e dá para criar momentos de imprevisibilidade. Também se adiciona o fato que o livro tem uma aplicação dos princípios de estratégia chinesa (por exemplo, generais que estudaram bastante A Arte da Guerra, mas não sabem improvisar, são considerados ruins). O livro é longo, mas os capítulos têm um tamanho muito bom para a leitura, lendo um capítulo por dia, tipo, antes de dormir, dá para ler o livro inteiro em menos de meio ano (se os ganchos permitirem, porque todo capítulo tem um gancho para o próximo). A tradução é uma versão antiga, de domínio público, mas que deve dar para o gasto, apesar de alguns problemas (além do mais, a presença de arcaísmos ajuda no clima do livro).
+4 pour le produit en lui même : c'est une belle collection. le papier est fin et agréable au toucher , de bonne qualité, solide. Le texte est propre et de jolie police, la traduction parfaite. petit plus : c'est une traduction chinois ( partie gauche) et francaise ( partie droite) , qui plaira aux érudits ou à ceux qui parlent - ou s'entraine à parler - les deux langues. -1 pour la livraison : ne pas mettre de protection anti-choc autour  des livres a provoqué un plis visible sur la première centaine de pages du premier tome, surement pendant la livraison. Je ne le renvois pas, mais j'aurai pu. Je conseille cet achat.
No complaints nor issues.  Arrived on time, and as described. I am very pleased with this purchase and would recommend to others.
Letters too small, and poorly laid out.
excellent thanks
A must have classic
If you are going to start reading Romance of the Three Kingdoms then you should start with this book series. This edition is more coherent and well put together with footnotes at the bottom and end of each chapter. There is a character list in the beginning with brief descriptions. The names and places are spelled/pronounced more accurately. This series is a MUST for any fan of classical literature.
Best translation that I have of the series. I have 4 different ones. Very happy with this book.
Wow.. never thought i would finish these 3 novels. The vastness of the stories explain much of china today; its people, culture and even its politics. Very excellent translation.. bravo
It makes the great classic available to readers who are more comfortable witj English, yet retains the feel of the original language. This is especially evident in the translated poems.
My 15-year old LOVES this book. He's read it twice already.
It's great as long you don't steal it!
Vol. 3 provides an exciting conclusion to the preceding volumes. In Volumes 1 and 2, Zhuge Liang has masterminded, with clever maneuvers, victory at the Battle of Red Cliff against Cao Coa and then gone on to capture important cities, thus vastly increasing Liu Bei’s military power with additional soldiers and control of wealthy cities and provinces. Liu Bei dies in Vol. 3 leaving control of his kingdom to his son Liu Shan. Cao Cao, seeks to take advantage of Liu Bei’s death and inexperience of Liu Shan. Cao Cao comes up with a cunning scheme to attack Liu Shan’s kingdom from five directions. I was anxious to read how Zhuge Liang was going to deal with this new threat. However he reclused himself in his hut and would not come out. Finally after 3 days, Liu Shan goes to Zhuge Liang’s hut to hear what plans he has in mind. Zhuge Liang has brilliant plans to thwart each of the five attacks. He will himself lead the attack again the fierce Man tribes. In his fight against the Mans, after the battle he releases their leader on the faith of his good word that they will not fight again. This happens six times that Zhuge Liang battles and has victory over the Mans, each time capturing the leader and releasing him. After the seventh time, Zhuge Liang refuses to even see the leader of the Mans and has his assistant release him. At this, the leader of the Mans was so humiliated that he agreed to have a peace alliance with Liu Shan and have peaceful cooperation in the future. The Three Kingdoms story is truly one of the great classics of literature. This translation is easy reading. The footnotes were not only helpful, but at those special key locations in the writing, the footnotes at the bottom of the page made the flow of the story more meaningful.
Excellent books to read
This review is really for all three of the books, as I have read them in their entirety. Collectively, these can be a difficult read from the perspective of so many historical figures coming and going, particularly later on in the series.  I have pretty extensive knowledge of this era of history, so it was fine with me, but just a note for anyone who knows little about people of this time that your head might spin a bit with so many character introductions. In terms of the story itself, Vol 1 and 2 are wonderful, full of action and intruigue.  Vol 3... while historically what it was, I found arduous to read through.  This isn't the fault of the authors, nor the translation, it's just not very interesting in terms of what happened near the end of the period especially in comparison to they first two volumes.  The figures of the later part of this time just feel flat as compared to their predecessors. There are some editing errors, typos, etc. and some odd word choices considering the context (hubbub, seriously? And siesta, I laughed when I read this used.) So, I definitely recommend it with the caveats in mind.
good
This is a highly disappointing book.
(NOTE: This is a review for all three volumes of the Romance of the Three Kingdoms) I had been aware of this epic of Chinese literature for many years, but first developed a serious interest in reading it after having watched the excellent Chinese drama adaptation made in 2010. That gave me the impetus to pick up the first volume and give it a go. Some words of caution first, from one who has now read all three volumes. This is a book that very much requires you to juggle hundreds of names in your head and keep track of who is who. Indeed, I would strongly recommend watching that aforementioned TV series prior to reading the books. This may sound the wrong way around, but having made my way through all 1,377 pages, it would have been considerably harder without some pre-knowledge of key characters to anchor my progress. Having some understanding, for example, that a Lu Su matters where a Lu Xun does not, certainly makes getting through the book a mite less daunting. Another warning for those considering embarking on the Three Kingdoms: if you are not interested in military strategy and take no pleasure in reading about the minutiae of war, you should probably turn away. A significant percentage of the book is spent on detailing battles: many, many battles, often in quick succession. While war itself is not the core of what the Three Kingdoms is about, it is nevertheless the medium through which many of the story's messages are related. This is a fictionalised account of a very real historic period in Chinese history. After the fall of the Han dynasty in 220 AD, the country fell into a state of civil war, as rival warlords fought one another for superiority - each claiming to be the rightful successor to Han. Gradually power consolidated around three separate kingdoms: Wei in the North, Wu in the South and Shu in the West. Each was led by its own charismatic leader - Cao Cao, Sun Quan and Liu Bei respectively. The Romance of the Three Kingdoms tells their story, how they rose to power, what they did with that power and how each, ultimately, fell. It is truly epic in its scale, and widely recognised in China as one of the greatest books ever written. For me, this book is about much more than just a historic narrative. Still less is it a book merely about military tactics - although they certainly feature prominently throughout. Rather, the Three Kingdoms represents an insightful, penetrating look at power - how it can be won, how it can be maintained and how it can be lost. Each of the three rulers demonstrates different virtues and flaws, and is aided by a wide variety of generals and advisers, each with their own agendas. The ruthlessness of Cao Cao is tempered by his intellectual brilliance and his ability to exercise power without ever openly admitting to it. The virtue of Liu Bei, meanwhile, is undone by his inability to win his own battles and by his undying loyalty to those who do not always serve him best. The astuteness of Sun Quan is highlighted by the way in which he employs people best suited to the role, implicitly acknowledging his own shortcomings. Each ruler has a coterie of advisers, and the relationship between power and those who would shape and direct that power is fascinating. Zhuge Liang and Sima Yi both stand out as impressive figures in their own right, often outshining the men they exist to serve. Their interplay, in particular, is a highlight of the book. And it would be remiss of me not to mention Liu Bei's two brothers-in-arms: Zhang Fei, the oft-drunk and irascible warrior and Guan Yu, the legendary fighter who keeps his honour to his very last breath. Another lesson the Three Kingdoms teaches is that for all the struggles and grand designs, winning or losing may very often lie in the lap of the gods. A rainstorm at the wrong moment or a change in the direction of the wind can make all the difference. Illnesses strike down otherwise undefeated veterans, just as ultimately the collapse of the three kingdoms ends up owing more to the dissipation and idleness of the rulers' successors than to any great military victory. Power is ephemeral, and it cannot ever be taken for granted. There are so many stories and sub-plots woven into the fabric of the Three Kingdoms that it would be both infeasible and futile to assess them all here. The best I can say of this book is that it is a joy to read and its many pages a wonderful place within which to lose yourself. It is long, and there will be times when you may wonder if the battles will ever end with one siding achieving anything close to a significant victory; but stick with it and you will be rewarded.
I really enjoy this book; although, I have a little trouble with the translations, I find myself re-reading some sentences. But it's a great read for history buffs and fans of the Dynasty Warriors games.
I think this is the third different Three Kingdoms version that I buy on Amazon and I really like it. The novel is awesome! (just check wikipedia for the plot), and the pinyin names help a lot the Dynasty Warriors fans like me.
I don't know who is to blame for this unreadable mess, but... DANG!
One of the four classic books of Chinese literature. An epic journey to an age of heroes, I really enjoyed this book, even if the maps are not the best ones...
Not a review of the book but rather a review of this edition. It is filled with grammatical errors and typos. Awful and unreadable and I'm really disappointed that I both the entire set of the books since they seem so poorly done. I read 5 pages before giving up. Almost unreadable if you care about grammar at all -- there was an error in the first sentence "domains tends to unite."
This version is horrible. The translator paraphrases so liberally that it actually takes away from the story. Other reviews mentioned that there are tons of grammatical errors and they were correct. These two facts make it a pain to read - not to mention the size of the books - they are heavy and huge - and mine had almost 3" margins along the pages, with text on about 2/3 of each page. This made the book unwieldy. I would say Moss Roberts' version is far superior in every aspect.
The book is a good read for people who wish to learn Chinese history or have some understanding of Chinese history. It's pretty hard. Anyway, both books arrived in excellent condition and on time. Thank you!
I just got back from China and was in that area that's why wanted to read the book
I ordered the print version of this book (Silk Pagoda, 2008) from my local bookstore, and when it arrived, I noticed after maybe 2 sentences in that it was rife with typos. Maybe a page in, I began to suspect whether it was even edited/proofed by someone fluent in English. Then I went on to Amazon to look for another version of Romance of the Three Kingdoms from a reputable press (Tuttle Classics, 2002) that uses the C.H. Brewitt-Taylor translation, and the text was totally different! I am pretty sure this is some kind of knock-off, rip-off, bootlegged text. I haven't gotten around to getting a better copy and reading the story, which I am sure is excellent (it's a major Chinese classic, after all); but if you're going to read "Romance" in English, get a real translation.
This is the first half of C. H. Brewitt-Taylor's translation of the 14th-century Chinese classic. I am reading his translation in parallel with Moss Roberts's translation. While I am unable to judge the comparative accuracy of the two renditions, as a reader I considerably prefer Roberts's translation, primarily due to his extensive and illuminating endnotes. Lacking the information in those endnotes, I think I would have been unable to appreciate the narrative. The one respect in which I prefer the Brewitt-Taylor translation is that he inserts paragraph breaks when the text switches from one speaker to another. He also adopts a somewhat more archaic prose style than Roberts does, which may appeal to some readers (though not me) as suggesting the story's venerable age. The original Chinese novel was penned over six hundred years ago, and is based on historical events from about 200 A.D. I note that I am finding it helpful to read each chapter twice, once in each translation. The book has a vast cast of characters, none of whom I was familiar with before, but many of whom would have been known to its original audience. Reading a chapter again allows me a sense of what it would be like if I wasn't trying to remember who everybody was and which faction they supported. (Although this is slightly undermined by the two translations using different schemes for transliterating Chinese names.) I will postpone comment on the book's quality as a story until I eventually make my way to the end. P.S. My rating of 3 out of 5 stars is as much a rating for the translation as for the underlying story, and I may well end up giving the Roberts's translation a higher rating.
This review doesn't really concern the story - Romance of the Three Kingdoms is justly a classic piece of literature, and it'd be slightly ridiculous to review the story itself on an Amazon review. It's amazing, and exciting, and definitely read it if you can. What I will review - and what I have significant problems with - is the Tuttle edition for Kindle. I can't really speak on the printed edition, but a lot of my criticisms, I suspect, will apply. Firstly, there are a ton of typos. I'm averaging one per page now. Things like: "Today her son is on the throne and all the officials are her friends/ and her influence is enormous." It seems petty, and normally I'd ignore it, but it gets on your nerves after a while. The fact that there are so many of these errors speaks to a lack of proper editing, I think, which leads to my next point: a lot of the prose is pretty bad, stylistically. It varies from place to place, but it's at best annoying and at worst a serious impediment. More than once I've had to stop and ask myself: "who is the subject of this sentence?" or even "who is the direct object?" which takes me out of the action while I have to parce the previous paragraph and see who the translator is talking about. The register of the translation changes as well - one second a character might be speaking in a very formal, periphrastic "bureaucratese" and then end the sentence with something jarringly vernacular. It seems like a minor issue, but things like that can confuse characterization and are just generally poor usage. More generally, the dialogue is stilted and artificial: "The originator of the plan to injure your brother was Chien Shih." Stylistically, it's an awkward sentence - why phrase it like that? It seems pretty obvious that the translator was probably not a native speaker - which is fine, as long as there's a strong editor to clean things up, which seems to be lacking here. The next one is a bit of a preference thing, I'll admit: usage of Wade-Giles. When I was learning Chinese, Pinyin was the ONLY romanization used. Say what you want about the merits of Wade-Giles, but Pinyin is what people are going to generally be familiar with today. So when I read through this and see (I think) Kongsun Tsan, I have to stop and translate it in my head: "Kongsun Tsan? Is that Gongsun Zan?" (I've read this book - different editions - a number of times, so I'm familiar with the characters. Otherwise I'd honestly be lost.) Now I hear what you're saying: "but what about the people that don't know anything about China? Wade-Giles would be so much simpler. That way people aren't pronouncing Cao as Cow!" There are a number of other issues in the book that make that a questionable argument. Firstly, WG has its issues here as well - Kongsun's "Kong" is not pronounced as in King Kong. There are a number of reasons why it would make a bit of obscure linguistic sense to write it that way for romanization purposes, once more to do with consnant voicing, but someone utterly unfamiliar with Chinese would be tripped up by it just as well as they would with Pinyin's c equalling (roughly) [ts]. But this is a huge digression. For the uninitiated there are somewhat larger issues. Most notably, the usage of ranks. The book is a bit ambivalent about this: when we first meet Guangong, the book notes that this signifies he is Lord Guan (as gong = lord). Other times, however, the book introduces ranks (Chinese ranks) without a single explanation of what it is: "so-and-so was at the time occupying the rank of ssu-tu." Well, ok - what is this rank? Where is it on the hierarchy? Is it low or high? For the record, ssu-tu is situ or "Minister of Education." It's worth noting that the edition didn't even get this right: ssu-tu would be si-du in Pinyin, as tu=du and t'u=tu. If you care, the apostrophe (as far as I know) here represents differentiation in consnant voicing. Why was it necessary to tell us this character was "ssu-tu" without explaining WHAT it was? (The Minister of Education, an important post, which would help explain why this person was in a position to plan a coup.) The book does this a number of times, which makes the sections revolving around court intrigue especially painful, as we're told person x had position a, person y had position b and person x had position c, with the positions generally not elaborated upon. The worst part is when the book half does this and half doesn't: "Commissioner X told Y Ssu-tu [note the Chinese syntax for titles] such-and-such." Some titles are fully translated and some aren't - so we're hearing Empress Ling tell Tung T'ai-hou (=Dowager Empress) something. It then switches. Overall, INCREDIBLY confusing for a book that has so many important interludes in the highly stratified court. So we have a confused usage of ranks (some English, some Chinese, some mixed) which at times have no explanation as to what they are or where they are in the court hierarchy. At best, we've been briefed once, and it's NEVER touched again. Why couldn't the translator simply render "ssu-tu" as Minister of Education throughout the book? What would it have taken away that was more important than clarity?
My mother in law recommended this book. Its a great read to learn Chinese history from a fictional book.
This is a great work of literature, and this edition's introduction is a great transition for the Western reader into the right mindset.
I would definitely have enjoyed it more if I could follow the characters. The characters are numerous and have VERY complicated and some similar names.
This is a must for those who enjoy history. It's a Chinese classic and I've read both books. This is reading I would recommend.
good gift for a dear friend.
excellent reading material - fiction historical of background China dynasty.  very interesting!
Bought this for my son. He loves Chinese history. This book is actually historical fiction. My son says it is great. In fact, he has read it many times.
great
I brought it for my husband, it was recommended by a friend. He loves it. He read  Clavell's Shogun and this book is similar to it.
AMAZING. From start to finish i couldn't put down these books. I recommend to anyone! Great gift for any reader
It's AMAZING! I love having background on favorite games of mine and this is Dynasty Warriors. I also love Asian culture and this book is fantastic!
Good book, very historical and insightful. A little difficult to keep track of the all the story lines but I enjoyed it .
This book came is in excellent condition and looks like it will be a great read. I bought it for my husband for Christmas and I know he'll be very excited to read it! :)
Absolutely love it!!
Excellent love factual history
Good Chinese historical Essay ....... the end of the Han Dynasty
This version of the book is  horrible, the names are all wrong or badly translated.  If you want to read and enjoy the three kingdoms look elsewhere.
Very historical and clearly relating to a Biblical writing in the February  24th 2014 article in the Daily Bread publication
Had wanted this for a gift, but now am not sure. The item was unopened, at least apparently, but had been noticeably dented on one corner, making me hesitate to use it as a gift item. Rather disappointed, although in checking the description it doesn't exactly violate it. Maybe I should have been more careful, but would have liked to have seen that in the description so I could have bought something else.
stilted translation makes it tedious going. Storyline evolves (is that the right word?)/wanders along, too much Chinese "structure" to this extremely predictable story.
This book is enormous. Two volumes with around 1,400 pages. It is a long saga, an epic some say, in a way a picaresque epic across the whole of China during the Han dynasty of the empire, when that empire was at risk because of internal strife and the incapability of the emperor to keep things under control, by his own fault (the own fault of several emperors one after another) and inability of building some kind of government that could be reliable, transparent and non-corrupted. And that is where the book is amazingly revealing. This empire is quite obviously a feudal empire. Power is in the hands of governors appointed by the emperor in each district. The governors are appointed for what these people did for the empire, particularly what they did militarily, and there the difference between serving the empire and serving themselves is not always clear. Ambitious people can climb to the top in no time and then impose their power. The decomposition of this empire started when the various feudal lords or lordlings started considering the eunuchs, organized in a very close community and clan, who were provided by the emperor with the full control of the government because the emperor is lazy in many ways and looks for an easy way to control such a big empire, and because the emperor is incompetent technically (ignorance of a lot of things necessary for government) and psychologically (unfit to exercise such an enormous power). He then relied on the eunuchs of the empire, a clan of men – and their relatives – who had been castrated for any reason whatsoever, among others to become the top officers of the empire. The most famous eunuch along that line was Admiral Zheng He who had been castrated at an early age because he was a Muslim and he became the top man of the Chinese fleet before it was dismantled by the Confucian Mandarins when they took over around 1430. These corrupted eunuchs encourage all kinds of outlaws to go around in the country and raid cities and farming areas to their own profit and to the shared profit with local supporters of the eunuchs. A rebellion came from the various local or regional lords who had the power and the means to raise armies. They united and finally succeeded in getting all the eunuchs eliminated and executed, but the main military force was in the hands of an ally of the local and regional lords, an ex-outlaw who shifted from raiding cities and farming communities to raiding the central government by taking control of it. The empire is then at stake because it explodes into rivaling cities and provinces and the central brigand controlling the empire spreads and increases his power by taking control of rebellious provinces. This is typically feudal. Power is in the hands of the stronger person, of the stronger clan, and stronger means military force and nothing else. Then this power is only a way for those in power to loot the country by levying armed forces and taxes for their own profit. Then the emperor can even be chosen, within the Han line, but for how long? That’s the beginning of the saga but that explains the whole saga: feudalism was the real social and political architecture of the Chinese empire. The main originality is that there was no spiritual or religious authority of any sort that could set some criteria and norms for everyone and keep the whole empire unified by some kind of spiritual allegiance, unity. That’s the main difference with European feudalism that was entirely controlled and governed by the Catholic church, hence by the Pope and his bishops and cardinals. Nothing like that in the Chinese Empire. So no Peace of God, becoming then Peace of the King in the various kingdoms, a movement that outlawed the use of military force within the limits of each kingdom and also within the limits of Christendom. That explained in part the crusades that started in the 11th century but it also explained the Teutonic crusade against the non-Christian Slavonic people in Poland, Ukraine and what they called Lithuania. War was directed to outside areas, officially non-Christian and to be Christianized. That started quite early after the fall of the Roman Empire and later on the fall of Charlemagne’s empire who only fought against the various Asian tribes or military forces trying to penetrate Europe from the East and against the mostly Muslim Saracens trying to do the same from Spain. And the emergence of such a spiritual force took a lot of time. The book was written after the takeover of the empire by the Confucian Mandarins and we could wonder if it is not a reflection of this evolution in the 15th century that inspired the author to show how bad it could have been before when the empire’s unity was endangered by internal strife and its unity was rebuilt later on by the leaders of the three kingdoms. We have to think of the other great saga of Chinese literature, “Journey to the West” by Wu Cheng’en, a saga whose earliest extant copy is traced to 1592 and is the story of a Monkey that travels to the west to discover the famous Buddhist scriptures that found the Taoist approach of life that developed in China as the spiritual guideline of the empire and can be considered as the basis of the Confucian Mandarin takeover in the 15th century. That is rather amazing to see this empire evolving from a purely feudal state with a marginal Taoist presence seen more like some witchcraft than anything else, though they carry the Chinese medical tradition and the ethical code of Taoism, the Chinese version of Buddhism in the making. Their final victory will destroy the Chinese fleet, the most impressive one in the whole world at the time, vastly centered on the China seas and the entire Indian Ocean and that would have been  capable to defend the empire against the European invasion that was still to come when Admiral Zheng He died. The result was a total closing up of the empire onto itself, which enabled the Europeans to come and take control of the whole of the Indian Ocean and then of the China Seas. Closing up on itself made the Chinese Empire weak, particularly the tool of its power was destroyed: the various commercial routes known as the Silk Roads. You will find all that in these books and it will make clear that the present commercial policy of China to reopen and redevelop the various Silk Roads is the only way for China to develop and recapture its past greatness. Will this policy re-establish some feudal state? Hardly conceivable. Will it establish some hierarchical centralized and unified system in the whole country and beyond? That’s also a dubious unrealistic view. China has to open itself to the world but that will not lead to the looting the English, the French and later on the Japanese tried to impose to China, but it may turn Chinas as the beating heart of the global economy, or at least one of the beating hearts of the global world using its commercial power rather than military force. That should bring you to wondering if the use of military force is not a feudal way of looking at the world and trying to dominate it. You may come to wondering if president Trump’s approach of the world is not a feudal way of looking at the problem in total opposition to and contradiction with the Chinese commercial approach of president Xi. To conclude I will say that Chinese literature, old or more recent like Lao She’s books and plays, is always centered on this problematic of the whole world in development and the choice between three possibilities: 1- pure military force and a feudal system; 2- pure spiritual closing up onto themselves and their protected own resources: some Confucian hierarchical architecture; 3- a general commercial vision that brings economic development to the world: modern sharing resources via some global free but regulated marketplace. Just get into this saga and enjoy the action and the treacherous ways of most of these feudal lords. Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU
Romance of Three Kingdoms is a part of East Asian culture. It overtook the heart of both Chinese and Japanese as well as people in Southeastern Asia. In Japan even younger generation who rarely read literature enjoy the story in the form of either comic books or in popular PC games. In China many of the Chinese Opera plays come from the part of this story. Every Chinatown around the world has one or some Guandi(Kuan Ti) Temples such as those in Nagasaki, Kobe and Yokohama. The story is based on the history of ancient China around late 2nd century to late 3rd century when the Chinese continent was divided by three strong kingdoms, Wei(Gui in Japanese),Wu(GO in Japanese) and Shu(SHOKU in Japanese). Part of the popularity of three kingdoms in Japan must be credited for Eiji Yoshikawa, the author of Musashi, focusing more on the story of Liu Bei(Shu emperor),Guan Yu, Zhang Fei, and Zhuge Liang. Comic book adaptation by Mitsuteru Yokoyama who is best known by the author of Iron Man(Tetsujin)#28  paved the way for current three kingdom boom in Japanese pop culture in general. Liu Bei, an heir of Han Dynasty ruling clan, is a humane leader supported by Guan Yu, deft both in brain and might maybe eastern version of Knight, Zhang Fei,short tempered but really strong warrior, and Zhuge Liang the master of strategy. Rivaling Lie Bei is another giant Cao Cao outstanding ruler and historically known as one of the finest compilers of Sun Tzu's Art of War. Cao Cao courting the emperor Xian nearly took hold of the whole Chinese continent but was blocked by the allied forces of Wu and Shu in 208 as the dramas such as   depicted. Cao Cao is a bit demonized in this story but he is in fact one of the greatest rulers China ever had comparable to Napoleon. Lie Bei who has little power gradually gains by charming a lot of talented people by his couteousness yet with propaganda tactics to demonize Cao Cao.  Cao Cao soon recovered from the defeat of the Chibi battle and with the finest staff collected from the whole continent he sought to break the alliance of Shu and Wu. After the death of Cao Cao, Cao Pi took over and named himself the emperor of Weihan. But Weihan would eventually be overthrown by Sima clan who would subdue both Shu and Wu but Lie Bei, Guan Yu and Zhuge Liang are still loved and idealized by Chinese public. On first reading you will be enjoying the way the characters outsmart the other camps. On second reading you will be struck by the humanity upon which the story is based. It is much more than a legend. It will surely get you closer to the mind of either Chinese and Japanese. But be careful. The way character name is pronounced differ between Chinese and Japanese. Such as Cao Cao is pronounced in Japanese as SOSO. ---------------- Now I must add a few things for newer 3k fans who encountered this epic through koei games. Koei adopts Pinyin system for three kingdom character names and pinyin method has almost subdued English speaking community. Brewitt Taylor uses Wade system differing so much from the way the character names were currently spelled. For example. Cao Cao is spelled T'sao T'sao. As you can see older system is useful in pronunciation ideas. Verdict: Excellent translation getting you much closer to this Chinese epic. Must-read for chivalry novel fans. Rating: 94 out of 100. A bit cut by spelling confusion as I mentioned. Recommended for the fans of Sun Tzu's Art of War, Chinese dramas or action and war fictions.
This is an older translation; sometimes it opts for pseudo-medieval vocabulary, and as many others have noted, it uses the Wade-Giles system of romanizing the Chinese names rather than the pinyin one more often used these days. The newer translation by Moss Roberts probably reads better and has more apparatus, but is not available as an ebook. This ebook does allow one to read the Romance in English on your favorite Kindle platform, but the ebook, like so many of them, is quite badly made. It seems to have been scanned and run through an OCR program but not proofread properly, so that (quite aside from the Chinese names) English words come out misspelled on a regular basis. You can almost always emend the garbled reading, but it's a bit embarrassing for a once respectable publisher like Tuttle.
The story is truly a classic and the translation is pretty good.  However, the actual product is pretty sloppy.  Volume one was less problematic than volume two, but both had a high number of instances.  The main problem is that letters that are similar in shape, such as b and d, p and g, etc. get switched, almost once a page.  Also, the names weren't proofread very well, as apostrophes get pretty regularly left out.  In a translation system where an apostrophe is the only difference between the names to two characters or places, this becomes a source of confusion.  Also, entire words are left out pretty regularly.  I wonder if any highly fluent English speakers actually got to proofread this, because most of these errors are so obvious.  These errors aren't so bad that it is unreadable, but they really take a person out of the scene while the confusion is dispelled.
It is a well made TV series based on this classic. Characterization and acting are all excellent, I am especially impressed by the period costume and the set, they looked very well executed and certainly added to the enjoyment of the whole series. you can input the following to search YouTube:Three Kingdoms - Episode【01】English Subtitles
This is a very good bok, filled with brotherhood, strategy, battles, loyalty, chivalry, etc. And although quite long,it is still worth it. It is a cultural classic, just like the Iliad and the Odyssey are to Greek culture.  It has many misspellings but they are easily surmounted and pose no real threat to the stories comprehension. I would recommend it to anyone who likes reading, especially those who enjoy historical,cultural, or classical books.  Note: This translation may be somewhat confusing to some people because it uses the more old-fashioned Wade-Giles spellings rather than the more contemporary Pinyin System.  If you were introduced to the Three Kingdoms through the multiple video games that are out,as I was, that use the Pinyin system, it might take a little extra thought on your part to understand who is who as you are reading. For Example, Guan Yu and Cao Cao in Pinyin become Kuan Yü and Ts'ao Ts'ao in Wade-Giles.
I love the Three Kingdoms. However, having read Brewitt-Taylors masterful exposition, this translation seems lacking, in my opinion. First, I must confess, I hate the modern Pinyin system of romanization. I cannot abide in a system where letters do not have the proper values. I mean, an entire generation of Americans (and God help the ignorant French!) will pronounce names like Cao Cao as "Cow Cow", or the Qin dynasty as the "Kwin" dynasty. The Brewitt-Taylor translation uses the old Wade system, and while it can be hard on the eyes, the reader gets a sense of at least the rough pronunciation (Cao Cao is rendered Ts'ao Ts'ao, Qin is rendered Ch'in, etc). Also, Brewitt-Taylors translation is nice to listen to. "Empires wax and wane, states cleave asunder and coalesce"; the sound itself is beautiful, and yet still renders the sense clearly. The Roberts translation certainly succeeds in the latter, but the beauty is lost. However, Brewitt-Taylor requires a very great vocabulary, whereas Roberts is more tame in this regards. Still, this was a book for scholars, and the translation should at least reflect that. Again, if you have no familiarization with the events of this tale, the complete rainstorm of names is daunting indeed. Always keep in mind the three separate forces (Cao Cao of Wei, Liu Bei of Shu and the Sun family of Wu) as well as a few of the other players (Zhang Jiao of the Yellow Scarves, Dong Zhuo, Lu Bu, Yuan Shao. Liu Biao and Liu Zhang) and you'll do fine. The book itself, in my opinion, is the greatest book ever told, succeeding in being at once a work of strategy, psychology, government, warfare, and human emotion, and there is nothing like it in the lexicon of Western literature. Enjoy!
Romance of the Three Kingdoms is one of my favorite novels. Unfortunately for this version, however, the story is not done much justice in its Pinyin translation. For newcomers to the series, it is quite difficult to become accustomed to it. I would recommend a Wade-Giles translation of this novel. On the plus side, this version is completely unabridged, so readers gain the full experience of one of China's great literary classics.
Details of the past are brought into sharp focus in this fascinating account.
It was a great quality and fur exceeded my expectation. I would choose used book next time too.  It is not only economical but ecological too. Thank You!
I enjoying reading it except the following problems: - Typos are almost appeared in every 3 pages. - Stories are not link between paragraphs. There are pages that I have to read 4-5 times in order to picture what is going on and who and who die. How about describe more about the heros when introducing them like, how old, what weapon they used and how strong. I believe those will spice up the book a lot more. EQ
Romance of the Three Kingdoms Volume 1 (Tuttle... Lo Kuan-Chung
Wow! Volume 1 of 2 (I believe) and I was initially very confused about the pronounciations and spelling of the names of the characters before I realised I was thinking in a very 'Eurocentric' way, without taking into account the fact that the translations within are probably more accurate than those in the console games that have developed from these accounts. However, having worked my way through my confusion, this is an epic historical piece, rightly broken down as thew weight of the entirety would be too much to lift! The story of the fall of a Dynasty and the turmoil that followed very much engages, although I suppose you have to have a hiostorical turn of mind to get into it. Not just a list of times, people and events but a full narrative that tells of both the personal and political struggles that surfaced during the Romance of the Three Kingdoms.
Perfect for the gift I wanted to give someone. Thank you.
Amazing book...such an interesting recollection of that era
I have read and reread "The three Kingdoms" many times over the years. It is one of the greatest novels ever written. This is why I have bought a new copy - the old one is too much "read".
Primera parte de esta enorme obra de la literatura China, excelente traducción, algo anticuada, si bien la edición deja bastante que desear. No entiendo porque los editores con el afán de reducir costes publican en papeles de tan baja calidad y no cuidan más el aspecto de este tipo de libros que merecen algo mejor.
Good quality, arrived safely from Germany to Canada.  My boyfriend was so happy to get this book for Christmas.
exam required
本書で採用している中国語表記法はWade systemですので現在流通 している中国語辞典とは表記法が異なり、地名・人名を読むことは できません。 図書館で古いWade systemを採用しているChineese-Englishの辞典 を探すことになるでしょう。渡辺精一や井波律子による邦訳を参照 するか三民書局の三國演義(繁体字中国語版)を参照するのがお手軽 です。 中国古代の官職名や制度名などの訳語なども、邦訳や中国語原文を 参照しながら読んだ方が理解しやすいです。 Taylorの英文自体は、かなり文語的で手強いのですが邦訳があるの で安心して味わうことができます。(Taylorの英訳からの邦訳では 無いですが、原文からの邦訳を参照するのでも十分楽しめます)
Was bought as a gift. He was extremely happy that he got it.
It might be a classic, but for readers used to modern writing, it's really quite difficult to follow. a plethora of characters with names so similiar it takes ages to realise who's who. I'd say only for enthusiasts of classic asian literature.
Very good story. The English is not very perfect but I liked it too.
