Roger Ames and Henry Rosemont offer a new translation of this Chinese classic of Confucius.  While I am not qualified to comment on the accuracy or integrity of the translation, Ames and Rosemont have explained and offered justifications for their translations quite thoroughly.  The result is an informative version of this classic text attributed to Confucius.  Heavily discussing the ethics of ritual propriety and the need to be a "junzi" or "exemplary person", Confucius believed in wisdom and the law of reciprocity (the "silver rule").  Clearly he was concerned with preserving a moral tradition extracted from the collective understanding of the past.  While parts of Ames and Rosemont's introduction are tedious and could be better written, overall they have made a valuable contribution to the understanding of Confucian thought.
There are some real nuggets. Broken up into many small entries, although it doesn't help continuity it is perfect when you are waiting for a meeting to start. A difficult read, but, the ability to look up words right in the document is very helpful.
I can't comment on the translation as this is not my field. Reviewing from Joe Schmoe's point of view. Ames provides historical context and  constructs a framework at the beginning of the book with which to think about Confucius's teachings. The framework is applied consistently throughout this book, making it not only a much more enjoyable read but one where the meaning of translation comes to life. I am very thankful that Ames wrote this book as it has allowed me a glimpse into my heritage.
Easy to comprehend, captivating, informative.  Everyone should read this translation!
Everyone should read this book. I recommend taking notes in the sides of the pages to look back at later and also to see how your views change as you move along in the book and think more and more!
The chapters on the cultural/linguistic problems involved in translating Classical Chinese texts and whether the Chinese ever produced "philosophy" are more than worth the price of this book. Puruse the sayings of the Master carefully with close attention to the invaluable notes and a different world is opened. This is philosophy, Jim.  But not as we know it.
Just as described.
Excellent
The "wisdom" and "patience" in which Confucius analyzed each and every situation was very appealing to me. It causes one to "reflect" on every situation before acting or dismissing any topic that may be encountered.
What an excellent resource for Asian studies in general.  The translation is great to compare with Lau et al. And the other material sheds light on previous interpretations of the text and context.
If you are a University of Hawaii student studying Chinese or Philosophy, you will be reading this.  Be aware that while Ames has done a lot of great work in Chinese Philosophy, he is really doing 20th century postmodernism on a Chinese background.  After reading this one might think that Confucius belongs to the same school as Derrida, Foucault and Rorty.  That is as absurd as it gets. But academics do not make a name for themselves being correct (outside of the hard sciences that is).  If they were correct, they would simply answer questions in a way that satisfactory to readers and move on to the harder questions.  Instead, they rise to the top of their fields by being wrong in the cleverest way imaginable and that is what Ames has done.  So a generation of American students and scholars are being taught that Confucius would be right at home with some 1970's style sophistry.  It is actually kind of funny now that I think about it.  I guess when you start with the premise that "truth" is a social construct, you can believe anything.
I like having this book around to study from on occasion.  A lot of books don't include any Chinese language aspects so I chose this one for that purpose.  Confucius is definitely open to interpretation so taking the time to study the principles is a must if you are interested in it.
its cool.
Great!
Great book.
Potential buyers of the Kindle edition should be aware that I could only read the first page of the bibliography on my Kindle  -- a pretty serious shortcoming for a scholarly book -- though all of it is readable on a Kindle-for-PC application. The content of the book is first-rate. I have several works in this series and although I may not always agree, I do always appreciate the integrity and the overall quality of the scholarship. Based on content this would be a five-star review, but you have to call attention to the serious failings of the publisher somehow and a bad review is the only way I know to do it.
Great book! I will be reading this again in the future.
I needed this book for class and it arrived fairly quickly and the condition of the book was just as described. I was very pleased.
this is a biik it has words which mean things when you look at them in order it is referred to as reading some enjoy it Im somewhat undecided on the whole idea of the thing but hey your call
Ir más good
This book consists of an introduction, a translation, and an appendix. The introduction gives an historical and textual background, and outlines the philosophical approach of the authors. The appendix has some further remarks about a new version of the Analects found in a Han tomb in 1974, and more ruminations about Chinese language and philosophy. When I bought this book I was a bit skeptical about the subtitle "A Philosophical Translation" -- What kind of hybrid monster would that be? What would made a translation "philosophical"? Is this like saying: a "deep" translation or an "insightful" translation? And what does this choice of subtitle mean for other translations on the market? Are they now, by contrast, all "unphilosophical"? But... I decided to give the writers the benefit of the doubt, and see what they had to say. Unfortunately, after reading the philosophical introduction, I came away sorely disappointed and almost disgusted by the intellectual laziness and sloppiness of the writers. Instead of two people trying to think through the real issues that Confucius addresses, issues that are interesting *either* because they are completely out of date (merely of historical interest) *or* because they still may be relevant for people today, whatever their cultural background, I find two muddle-headed academicians spouting nonsense about the "basically substantive and essentialistic" nature of the English language (sometimes generalized to all Indo-European languages) versus the "more eventful", "relational" nature of the Chinese language. If you just squint your eyes a bit, and pretend to sort of vaguely understand what that might mean, and consider the evidence for this view, you find mostly smoke, pipe dreams, the half-digested remains of past metaphysical discussions. You find stupid, plain falsehoods, like the claim that all Indo-European languages have articles. You find a severely misleading account of Chinese grammar -- underlining the supposed ambiguity and vagueness of written Chinese. You find arguments like "The very expression 'thing' ... -- dongxi '' literally, 'east-west,' -- is a nonsubtantial relationship." -- Deep! The book could, I suppose, still be saved by the translation. Unfortunately, philosophy gets in the way and leads the writers to use some very awkward new terms, like "the authoritative person" for "ren". The writers are aware of the awkwardness and try to justify their selections of certain key terms -- which is good --, but mostly I found their arguments, again, unconvincing and disappointing. The arguments are often either circular or straw-man arguments. All in all, I didn't find special merit in this translation compared to earlier translations by others. The language often seems clumsy without need. Especially clumsy if you know enough classical Chinese to see that the original is pretty straightforward and seems very natural. As an example, here is the first paragraph of the first book: "The Master said: "Having studied, to then repeatedly apply what you have learned -- is this not a source of pleasure? To have friends come from distant quarters -- is this not a source of enjoyment? To go unacknowledged by others without harboring frustration - is this not the mark of an exemplary person?" "Having studied, to then repeatedly" - that's in my eyes just clunky and wooden. "a source of" - the original merely has: "is (this) not pleasant". Compare this with the old Legge translation (1861/1893): "The Master said, 'Is it not pleasant to learn with a constant perseverance and application? Is it not delightful to have friends coming from distant quarters? Is he not a man of complete virtue, who feels no discomposure though men may take no note of him?'" The last line in Legge's translation is quaint -- after all, this translation is more than a 100 years old, but the first two lines sound more natural to me. (Ames and Rosemont claim that "junzi" doesn't have a gender basis, so would probably object to "a man of", but that seems nonsense to me: women are hardly even mentioned in the Analects, and from a purely linguistic standpoint I also doubt that their claim is true.)
(Background: Over a couple of decades' time I planned to read the scriptures of the world's great religions/philosophies. I started with my own, reading the Bible in two different translations, first the Hebrew-Greek Word Study Bible by Spiros Zodhiates, and then the NIV. Next I turned to Islam and Al-Quaran. After that The Bhagavad Gita and the Analects of Confucius. Every reading is helping me go a bit deeper and wider into man's search for God and, through that, meaning in this life. More books and reviews to come.) I read this book on a beach vacation a few years ago. I enjoyed it very much. I'd not read much previously about Confucius or Confucianism, the ethical and philosophical system derived from the man's teachings; this volume filled that void. The book consists of a lengthy Introduction--70 pages. The Analects are then presented in 20 "books"; the Chinese text is presented alongside the English translation. Appendices take up the remainder. What I enjoyed most about this book was the Introduction. The authors go to great lengths to explain the times that Confucius (551-479 BC) lived in--the government, the politics, the family structure--and the language of classical Chinese. This is most important to understanding a people, their culture, and what (and why) they believe what they believe, and how they build their civilization. We in the West know that the Orient is different; the authors gave me a better understanding of why. For example, in classical Chinese there are no words as there are in English for--among others--"freedom," "liberty," "choice," "individual," "reason," "autonomy." The authors write: "None of these English words has a close analogue in classical Chinese...." (p. 54). Let that sink in. I mean: *really* sink in. "Freedom." "Liberty." "Choice." "Individual." "Reason." "Autonomy." If you don't have a word to describe something, then that something simply and "correctly" does not exist for you. Frightening and eye-opening all at once..... So for me the Introduction and the insight it provided into Chinese language and, thus, fundamentally, Chinese thinking was worth the price of the book. The Analects themselves are stories of Confucius' wanderings in the countryside and his sayings on what he thinks is best for proper government, from the emperor down to local rulers down to relations among family. That's about it. But it provides great insight into Chinese thinking. The text at times is rather dry and straightforward. Don't expect "Confucius say...." nonsense. It doesn't exist. Read this book for the great introduction it is to one of the world's great and largest philosophical (some would say religious) systems. And also for the keen insight it provides into the Chinese people and why things are the way they are. What's past is prologue. Sept. 27, 2014 note: The September/October 2014 issue of Foreign Affairs has a short review of the recently published book "An Anatomy of Chinese: Rhythm, Metaphor, Politics" by Perry Link. The first sentence of the review: "Link focuses on how Chinese syntax is to a great extent ordered by speech and sound and not by the kind of grammatical logic at work in many Western languages. He scrutinizes the ways in which certain Chinese words take on metaphoric meanings." The book has a price tag of $39.95, but if you're interested in the topic, it sounds like a necessary book.
Confucius has been much maligned since he is perceived as wanting a static rigid society. This translation attempts to show that that is not really true. The translators and editors explain in the foreword that the Chinese language is dynamic, and therefore Confucius sayings does not reflect a static society, but rather a society in a constant flux. It does come out that Confucius will not tolerate revolution, but he does accept evolution. He is not preaching a static society, but rather that all development should build on the previous. While he stresses the importance of ritual, he also hammers in that ritual must be combined with warmth, caring, and even humour. A more gentle, less rigid, Confucius appears in this translation. Lastly, I think Confucianism relates to Daoism as Shaolin relates to t'ai ch'i (or Bruce Lee to Yang Cheng Fu): on is concerned with the external, and one with the internal. It is just a matter of which way you chose. Ones you have achieved mastery, there is no difference.
This is a nicely presented book, containing over 325 pages. The graphics are well done (cover, and layout of the text within, including the chinese original phrases, for those reading Mandarin). There's a lot of footnotes in the back, stimulating further research, and backing up the interpretations contained within, as well as an appendix with more material, that is intended to add context to Confucius' outlook on societal relationships and behavioral beliefs. Next, I had to admit that each page has different scenarios of interaction among people, or philosophical reflections, such  that, for some, this book is a cure for insomnia, no doubt. The fact that Europeans and North Americans have not been taught to read the Chinese alphabet or the language, further beckons understanding. Also, the 65 page introduction to the Analects is surely relevant as the author justifies himself, of some choices in terminology as compared to other translations and the works of previous tranlators. A read here on Amazon didn't understand how an archeological find could bring higher understanding of these classics from Ancient China. Well, the answer resides in the manuscripts. Much like the Holy Bible was discovered in several languages (Greek, and also near-Hebraic languages, for example) the meaning of the texts and the final translation will depend a lot on on the ability of the underlying language to express human thought, and the scholar's ability to read it, understand it, interpret it, and translate it for English speakers, no doubt. For $10 and change, this is a not a bad work to own.
This translation questions the traditional translations of Confucius'  ideas. "Ren" usually translated as "humanity" here  becomes "authoritative conduct" which is closer to Confucius'  original meaning of the word, which was "noble conduct." Another  unique feature of the translation is that the key Chinese characters are  highlighted as they appear, directly in the English translation. This is  probably not the first choice for someone unfamiliar with the Analects  because it is somewhat technical, but it's a must if you are looking for a  deeper understanding of the classic.
The only translation that is a pleasure to read for both its language and its profundity.  Ames and Rosemont bury the stodgy old Confucius and introduce us to a vibrant thinker--the kind of intellectual magnet that  attracted hundreds of followers in his own time and millions throughout  history.  Although their choice of translation for key Confucian  terms may seem unorthodox, consider where our 'orthodox' translations have  come from. They have come from translators with a knowledge of the  Classical Chinese language but all of the built in presuppositions of  Western (Christian and essentialistic) thinking (including, surprisingly,  D.C. Lau).  Since the standard translations (Legge, Waley, Lau), there have  been great strides in understanding the philosophy of Confucius' time.  Ames and Rosemont are not only experts in the language but are at the  cutting edge of ancient Chinese philosophy.  This book questions many basic  presumptions about Confucius' philosophy and deserves thoughtful  consideration.
Daomonkey's reviews exhibit detailed knowledge in Chinese philosophy, and I agree with many of his criticisms. But he has made a small error in his review of this book, which is important to note. This book is NOT by Hall and Ames, and thus does not show the proclivity towards 'pragmatization' that runs throughout their stimulating work. Rather, it is by Ames and ROSEMONT, a philosopher who has published extensively on topics in Chinese philosophy. You will find little by way of "speculative acrobatics and obsolete wheedlings" here. The unconventional nature of the translation may seem awkward at first but repays careful reading; Ames and Rosemont provide good arguments in the introduction for adopting them. (Also, the translation by Slingerland he mentions, published by Hackett, is indeed a fine translation with much running commentary.)
I got to know this book thanks to my English teacher who studied, while he was at Hawaii, under Mr.Ames. The introduction part of this book is very compact; it is full of insights about the development and formation of Eastern philosophy, and also about how Eastern and Western philosophies tend to focus on different values. What the authors had continuously stressed throughout the introduction - that they translated this book by considering the uniqueness, or difference that Chinese language and culture have - is indeed permeated through the whole book, making it more faithful to the original than ever. The book was, notwithstanding that the 'analects' is such a classic, engaging and interesting. As an Asian myself, I could explore further into my personal interest in Eastern-Western comparitive philosophy, together with refreshing yet faithful translation of 'Lun yu'
The authors acknowledge "the vagaries of translation," then fall victim to them. Overwordy, inconsistent and sometimes just plain sloppy. Translates _ren_ as "authoritative," which is about the most  misleading choice I've ever seen. The notes and discussion, however, are  quite good, and the original Chinese text is included. Pinyin romanization.
The "philosophy" of Confucius is nothing like today's analytic philosophy. Confucius, using the common language of those around him, spoke about the maintenance of rites and the importance of tradition. He did not write anything himself, because he was busy trying to push his disciples to get up and follow his example. He provides the deepest insight to his readers when he is most cryptic. Attempting to translate this into modern English at all is a difficult task, as the authors acknowledge. They claim that they want to aim for painstaking accuracy, explaining what they know about ancient Chinese society. And then they go off the deep end. Confucius speaks of carrying out the will of Heaven. The authors, claiming that "Heaven" is a Judeo-Christian concept, leave this untranslated as "tian", as if we were dealing with something as complex as Heidegger's Dasein. Confucius was never trying to be complex or inscrutable -- he was trying to smack down the "glib-tongued" sophists of his day and encourage virtuous behavior. Except these translators don't believe that ancient China had a concept of virtue, instead translating the single word "ren" as the impressive-sounding "authoritative conduct". Every mealy-mouthed replacement of a simple commandment with an obscure "philosophical" hypothesis distances the reader from the text and accomplishes the opposite of what the authors of the Analects were aiming for. This exact sort of behavior was ridiculed by Confucius in verse 6.13, but you wouldn't know it from the translation. Their version: "Confucius said to Zi Xia: You want to become the kind of counselor who is an exemplary person, not the kind that is a petty person." Very philosophical. My version: "Confucius said to Zi Xia: Kid, being a Confucian means being a gentleman, not being a scholar." This translation, to put it unpleasantly, attempts to shove Western philosophy into Confucius' mouth. UPDATE: I am eager to announce I have finally found a translation of the Analects that meets my needs. My lengthy review can be found on its page: 
This book is AMAZING ! If you really want to focus on an Eastern Philosophy (have time to focus & try extreme to learn) This book will Change YoU!
Much more interesting than I had anticipated, with a careful study of the rules that make up the fabric of an ordered society. It's not his fault that the interpretation became too rigid. as  happens.
how can I review this, it is what it is, a classic of Oriental philosophy. Even if you prefer Daoism this is still worth a read.
I wish I had shelled out a few extra dollars and bought this excellent translation in hard copy! This bilingual edition includes the original Chinese text (traditional characters) but the visual appearance of the characters is ruined in the kindle edition by extremely offputting graininess and pixelation. Unless the Chinese text is of no interest to you at all, you should buy the paper version. So disappointing. The more simple characters, such as 心、仁 and so on, are readable albeit ugly, but more intricate characters such as 德 just look like squarish blobs. Worse, increasing the text size makes no difference to the Chinese characters, which are apparently some kind of low resolution graphic inset, and so you can't blow them up to the point where you can make them out. Moreover, the fixed size of each piece of Chinese text varies from passage to passage, so some short passages have huge but grainy characters, while others have small and eyestrain-inducing ones. And that's not all - thee are a few typos in the translation itself, especially in the phonetic romanisation of Chinese terms. Don't rely on the text of this kindle edition if you are citing it in an essay! Do your eyes a favour and buy the real book.
Great book. I was able to find it on Amazon after it was mentioned in the Art of War. As soon as I realized I wanted it....BOOM!!!...it was in my hands in no time!!! 5 stars on this one.
The printing job on this book is atrocious.  It is completely shifted upwards making it awkward to read.
Perfect
Comme à son habitude, la traduction de Ames est remarquable, à la fois classique dans son approche générale et très au courant des découvertes archéologiques. Il s'agit là d'une traduction réellement philosophique.
論語のように解釈に多様さと幅がある原典を英訳することは、「一つの解釈」が代弁されることになります。原典の「主語のない表現」、「単数・複数の不明瞭な名詞」、「原典の用語の意味の多様さ」、等々が英訳に大きな制約を与えています。逆に、曖昧さを許さない「英語の文法上の制約」が、かなり幅の狭い「限定的な訳」とならざるを得ないことが多く見られ、大変に興味深いところです。「道」、「天」、「仁」、「礼」、「徳」など論語の本質にかかわる用語を、翻訳に先だって解説していることも、上記の「英語の制約」と関係が深く、全499節の原典を通じて解釈すべき「論語哲学」を英語の読者に理解させようとしていることは評価すべきだと思います。
Analects, in case you were wondering, are "selected passages from the writings of an author.” I mention this definition here because it seems that the only time we use the term “analects” is when we consider the writings of Confucius. Was there once a larger corpus of writings from Confucius, and is what we have today distilled from some larger body of work? If so, then I wish we had that entire larger body of philosophical work, the same way we have a good many books from classical Greek philosophers like Plato and Aristotle; but that being said, I certainly am glad that we have the Analects as a distillation of Confucius’ philosophy. His Chinese name was K’ung Fu-tzu, 孔夫子, and the Latinate name that he bears today was probably bestowed by Jesuit missionaries to China in the 16th century. By any name, however, Confucius is a great philosopher who speaks to us today just as clearly as he spoke to the people of Chinese antiquity. He lived a long time ago – when he died in 479 B.C., the Spartan defense of Thermopylae had taken place just one year before – but it is astonishing how current and relevant his words and ideas remain. “Analects” is, of course, a Latin- and Greek-derived term; in Chinese, the book is 論語,the "Lun Yü." It is divided into 20 books, and contains a total of 512 Confucian sayings, most of them quite short. On this re-reading of "The Analects," I encountered some sayings that were already familiar to me: e.g., “To say you know when you know, and to say you do not when you do not, that is knowledge” (II.17, p. 65). Yet on this reading, I learned many things that I found new. Perhaps because I’ve been reading a good deal of classical Greek philosophy lately, I found some striking parallels between Confucius and the Greeks who wrote sometime after him. For instance, when “The Master said, ‘Barbarian tribes with their rulers are inferior to Chinese states without them’” (III.5, p. 67), it made me think of how the ancient Greeks considered any non-Greek-speaking society to be βάρβαροι, barbaroi, barbarians. I found myself thinking of the doomed tragic heroes of ancient Greek drama, men and women brought down by their tragic flaws, when I heard Confucius reflect that “In his errors a man is true to type. Observe the errors and you will know the man” (IV.7, p. 73). Confucius knows that his disciples aspire to government service in the bureaucracy of the Empire – hence the prevalence of sayings in which Columbus offers advice such as, “Do not worry because you have no official position. Worry about your qualifications. Do not worry because no one appreciates your abilities. Seek to be worthy of appreciation” (IV.14, p. 74), Additionally, in an acutely status-conscious society, Confucius’ listeners are very interested in what will help them achieve the distinction of “gentleman.” With considerable focus on the value of benevolence, Confucius suggests that “The gentleman understands what is moral. The small man understands what is profitable” (IV.16, p. 74). And in one of my favorite passages from the Analects, Confucius remarks that “the gentleman hates to dwell downstream for it is there that all that is sordid in the Empire finds its way” (XIX.20, p. 155). Readers who are interested in the Judeo-Christian philosophical and moral tradition may be struck by the ways in which Confucius disagrees with one of the primary moral imperatives of Christianity. In contrast with Lao Tzu, who in the "Tao Te Ching" tells his disciples to “do good to him who has done you an injury”, Confucius says, “What, then, do you repay a good turn with? You repay an injury with straightness, but you repay a good turn with a good turn” (XIV.34, p. 129). In other words, the only thing you owe to someone who has wronged you is straightness, directness, honesty. For Western readers, many of whom have been raised in the tradition of “whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also” (Matthew 5:39), this may be the most challenging passage in the entire "Analects." At the same time, Confucianism invokes the Golden Rule in a way similar to all the other great moral, philosophical, and religious systems of the world. In response to a disciple’s asking, “Is there a single word which can be a guide to conduct throughout one’s life?”, Confucius replies, “Do not impose on others what you yourself do not desire” (XV.24, p. 135). Perhaps because it is the dawn of a presidential election year here in the United States of America, I found that I was particularly interested in one particular example of Confucius’ advice to his disciples: “Be sure to go carefully into the case of the man who is disliked by the multitude. Be sure to go carefully into the case of the man who is liked by the multitude” (XV.28, p. 136). Good advice in the state of Lu during the Zhou dynasty, and good advice in any modern nation nowadays. I had this edition of "The Analects" with me when my wife and I were traveling in Beijing, home of the second largest Confucian temple in the world. Walking in the Forbidden City, my copy of "The Analects" in my jacket pocket, I wondered how many readers, imperial or otherwise, referred to their own copy of this book while traveling between and among the buildings of this most impressive city-within-a-city. This edition of "The Analects" includes a glossary of names and places mentioned in the book, an appendix on events in the life of Confucius, a textual history of the book, and a chronology of Confucius’ life. Particularly helpful is another appendix, one that describes the characters of the different disciples with whom Confucius speaks in the Analects. For readers of Confucius’ time, and indeed for followers of Confucianism nowadays, the differences in character among disciples like Tzu-kung, Tzu-lu, and Yen Yüan would be as self-evident as the differences in personality that Christians see among Saint Peter, Saint John, and Saint Thomas in the New Testament. This Penguin Books edition of Confucius’ "Analects" is a very fine way to acquaint, or reacquaint, oneself with one of the most important books ever written.
I own the Oxford World's Classics edition translated by Raymond Dawson. This was my first reading of 'The Analects' and while it was not quite what I expected, as it does not contain a truly coherent philosophy or even a consistent mode of presentation or authorship, it was nevertheless an incredibly rewarding study. And I say study rather than read because while it is quite brief (82 pages) there are a wealth of "chapters" that will leave you pondering--in a good way! If you are worried about the stereotype of vaguess and aloofness in Chinese sages, you needn't fear 'The Analects'. The main thing that can obscure some of the "chapters" is their reliance on Chinese history and most of these are briefly cleared up in Dawon's notes. 'The Analects' can be picked up and put down at a whim due to the informal structure and you will never feel that you lost the flow of it should a few days pass between readings. While I can't compare it to another translation or the Chinese, I found Dawson's translation to be very smooth and highly consistent throughout, and he supplements the introduction with helpful notes on his translation of key terms. This is an edition primarily for the newcomer rather than the scholar (not to say it is in anyway "dumbed down") as it is wonderfully concise in its introduction and notes, never saying more than needs to be said. However, in my case, I certainly wouldn't have minded more scholarship and context. Dawson uses Pinyin rather than Wade-Giles, which is a welcome shift in my eyes, as Wade-Giles often feels overwrought even if it sometimes comes closer to the true pronunciation, and there is a nifty conversion chart included in this edition. This edition like all of the newer Oxford World's Classics is neatly designed with a beautiful cover and good quality paper.
Confucius - The Analects is a rather intriguing book since it aims to tackle information regarding the well known Confucius in a cogent manner. The book is laid out in a fairly straight forward approach with no frills that's an extremely quick read. Within the introductory section, there is some background material featured, while a tad later on the book features notes on particular translations that the book offers.  Knowing how complex translations can be, it's a well-thought out approach to delineate what the book means by each translated term, instead of assuming that the reader will know.  Not only that, but also, certain words have various meanings, so to be able to narrow down with precision what was stated is greatly appreciated. For individuals seeking veritable gems of Confucius, this book has dozens of them. Reading this book will certainly help the individual realize how the culture was at the time, and why the information presented here was so vital to the upbringing and society in ancient China. The totality of the book is seamlessly interwoven to give you everything you need for comprehension, while not an iota more.  This certainly helps since other books can be longwinded at times. Taking all into account the book definitely belongs in the libraries of individuals who value such knowledge with resounding depth.  Confucius was definitely a master of his craft, and this book exemplifies that quite trenchantly.
I bought this version of the Analects together with Penguin Classics’. I think this one is closer to the original text, thus more paradoxical and sometimes baffling. Penguin’s is easier to read, but unfortunately that means that some paradoxes are “pre-solved”, an interpretation is already in place and part of the magic and wisdom lost. I think the best option is to read both, the similarities and differences are enlightening. If you have to pick one, my personal choice is OUP.
The Analects are widely recognized as one of the foundations of Chinese civilization.  Understanding them from a Western perspective is, however, difficult. There is simply no genre that the Analects fits into within the Western canon.  Add to this a wide panoply of characters who the neophyte will find it difficult to keep track of and the reader may be left with only remembering some of the more familiar adages of Confucius. This is not meant as a criticism of the text.  It is just that a casual perusal of the Analects is not possible in the same way that one could read, for example, Greek mythology. There are no gods and only oblique references to anything supernatural. Perhaps the practical nature of the text is one reason it has endured for over two thousand years. I am not trying to discourage anyone from reading the Analects—I just think that a more complete scholarly guide than is present in the Oxford Classics edition may be necessary to truly appreciate the work. Casual readers will probably be most struck by the difference between the Analects and ancient Western legends and retain some of the sayings that have parallels in Western ethics.  Anything more demands much more engagement with the material.
The Analects touches on the most important and deepest problems of life: self-mastery, social relations, government, family, and much more. Confucius urges us to follow "the way," to study, and to observe "the rites" as a worthy way of life.  He doesn't promise that one who follows this way will be wealthy or happy or enlightened or "saved," but rather that such a life is still the best one can live as it is decorous and ennobling.  I hear in the Analects a precursor to Aristotle's Nichomachean Ethics, which advocates a life pursuing virtue, with its attendant Golden Mean. Yet this is a very difficult book to follow because it presents no clear narrative and no obvious structure in our normal Western mode of Aristotelian definition, division, and classification.  Rather, it is almost a stream-of-consciousness collection of gnomic utterances from a variety of characters (mostly Confucius) presented with little in the way of context or chronology.  It works more by recursive themes, juxtaposition, and unexpected free association. So it's kind of like the way we experience the reception of insight in real life, which is one of the things that makes this a masterwork worthy of repeated study.  Indeed, I think this book is only profitable if reread and reread (I would say the same of Lao Tzu and the Bible). I find this Penguin edition to be a great choice for the first reading experience: D.C. Lau's introduction and notes give the first-time reader enough context and background to read this work with some understanding and admiration, but not so much as to impose an interpretation.  Please note that I do not read Chinese so I cannot judge the quality of the translation. I look forward to revisiting this little book again and again.
My interest in the Analects was to get a comparison between it and the Bible and the Koran The Analects was shorter than I expected. I had to scan a lot of  the masters advice to his students to get the underlying message which is the same in the Analects, the Bible and the Koran - Do not do to others what you would not want done to yourself.
I wanted to read some of Confucius’ writings, namely The Analects. What I got in this book was 50 pages of Chinese history + bios of some of the 70+ disciples + timelines + The Analects. If you’re an adult who can enjoy the brilliance of ageless thinking without someone else analyzing it for you ... don’t buy this book.
I feel like I should have paid more attention to the reviewers who felt just like I do. It seems to be rather boring in so many occasions. But I felt I had to read it personally. There are a lot of similarities in his teachings and the Classical Hellenic Philosophers. I wonder who learned from whom. But it does not matter. Teaching Ethics and Honorable Action by leaders is worthy to every one. Anyone listening today in Washington!!!!! Please read it and i might help you!!!!!
The Analects is a collection of aphorisms, anecdotes, and other snippets of instruction compiled by followers of Confucius around 2,000 years ago. There are no doubt many different versions and editions of The Analects in English translation. The one I am reviewing is the ebook edition from Open Road Media, which is likely based on the public domain file of the James Legge translation from Project Gutenberg. There is no denying the importance of Confucius in Chinese history and Eastern philosophy, but how does The Analects hold up as a reading experience for the 21st century reader? To a Westerner, like myself, even if you habitually read philosophy, it is difficult to just pick up a copy of The Analects and extract the wisdom contained within it. In form and structure, the Western text that most closely resembles The Analects would likely be the Meditations of Marcus Aurelius. The Analects is divided into 20 books, which are then divided into numerous chapters, most of which are only a sentence or a paragraph long. Some chapters consist of a few brief numbered passages. Like the Meditations, there is no discernible order to these chapters; for the most part they just fall where they may. While each individual chapter can be studied for its own merits, you’d really have to develop an intimate knowledge of the book as a whole in order to understand all the connections between the various chapters and form a complete picture of Confucian thought. Though the teachings of Confucius form the basis for the Chinese religion of Confucianism, the philosophy of Confucius is really a secular philosophy that concentrates on ethics and politics rather than any metaphysical worldview. Confucius’s teachings were intended as training for scholars wishing to enter public service and work their way up the bureaucratic ladder of government. He also, however, looks into broader issues of ethics, interpersonal relations, right living, and personal happiness that may be relevant to anyone’s daily life. Some of the advice on governing may be applicable to the political and business worlds of today, but Confucius’s emphasis on knowing one’s place in the social strata is unlikely to be embraced by ambitious Western individualists. There are some similarities between The Analects and the stoicism of Marcus Aurelius in their advocation of resigning one’s self to the reality of one’s place in life. While the Stoic attitude might be simplistically summed up as, “You may be born a slave, but no one can enslave your mind,” the Confucian view in a nutshell might be something more like, “If you’re born a servant, be the best servant you can be.” Just as the first book of the Meditations refers to a number of ancient Roman personages that the average modern reader is unlikely to be familiar with, The Analects is peppered with references to historical figures of China’s ancient past. Such references are pervasive throughout The Analects, to the point where you’d really need a master’s degree in Chinese history to figure out much of what’s being alluded to. There are plenty of passages that clearly state a code of conduct for right living, or list the admirable qualities of a superior man, but these are interspersed between anecdotes of dukes, government functionaries, and students of the Master, some of which seem to require prior knowledge of the characters mentioned. What’s a Westerner to make of such passages without detailed explanatory annotations? There is relevant wisdom in The Analects if you’re willing to dig for it, but rather than reading the original text most readers would probably be better off consulting a textbook that explains the teachings of Confucius in an orderly and accessible manner.
This book is really insightful and contains all of Confucius teachings plus information on Confucious by the author which is really helpful to understand Confucius’ ideas. I ordered a used copy as it is more economic plus it had highlighted notes from the previous user which aided in spotting important phrases!
Inexpensive way to review Confucius and hopefully get insights on China which was heavily influenced by this man. I note in his writings an emphasis on the individual's responsibility to his master (boss), spouse, government, etc.
Philosophically and morally sound advice from a historic writer.  This is one of many books on my lifetime reading list now complete.
One of the most famous philosophers in history is Confucius.  This text covers various quotes and conversations with Confucius and his 36 disciples.  Since many of the sayings are spoken in mystical parables and some of the thoughts might  be lost in translation, it is not always clear what the message may be in many of these conversations.  Nevertheless, this is an important text for anyone who is interested in the many wise sayings of Confucius.  This book is broken down into what it calls ten volumes. Volume one covers fundamental principles and government.  The second volume discusses manners, morals and virtue.  The third volume deals with certain disciples and other subjects.  The master himself is covered in volume four.  The sage in his daily life is discussed in volume five.  The disciples, virtue, nobility and politics is explained in volume six. The government and certain rulers are covered in volume seven.  Volume eight explains the maintenance of principles and character.  The final two volumes cover recording unsuitable calls and ancient worthies, recorded saying of some disciplines and concerning the right government. In summary, this text would be of interest to anyone seeking knowledge about the sayings and philosophy of Confucius. Rating:  4 Stars.  Joseph J. Truncale (Author: Haiku Moments: How to read, write and enjoy Haiku)
I bought this book as a gift for my boyfriend. I was iffy about buying it after reading the reviews, but he loves it! It is the real thing, and he appreciates that fact. I haven't read it myself, but I looked through it and read a few quotations. I felt connected Confucius in a feel-good way.
Highly repetitive. I didn't feel like I got the character of Confucius. I was disappointed. Perhaps I should read a book about Confucius to find out more about his teachings.
This book was falling apart when I received it. I chose used because I have had very good luck in the past but this one should never have been sold.
Confucius. What can be said? He's a go-to for psuedo-intellectuals, wannabe philosophers, and internet egotists. But all the pretentious stigma aside, the Analects is a worthy read. If you're here to deconstruct morality, you're reading the wrong book. Confucius was a man of objectivity, and often refers to "the superior man" as one who upholds virtuous ideals, exercises discipline, and offers unwavering, indiscriminate compassion and respect for his fellowman. That said, his "teachings" read like a motivational book; His verses on conduct and behavior are humbling, and can contribute much to the one seeking self-improvement.
Amazing book, good gift for deep thinkers. Chinese Philosophy is one  you can apply to daily life even in the 21st century.
didn't cost more than a dollar and it shows. You truly get what you pay for!  Kindle prices are going up and the cheap stuff is not worth it anymore.
Had a paper due in a week and received the items in time to use as a reference.
Confucius is too obsessed with rites and customs, otherwise very astute about benevolence are primary in life.
Its one if top three books I've read in my life. It has so much written in so little. It's a book you can fit in your pocket, but it's big enough to change your life :D
The Oxford World Classics publication of The Analects is excellent, with plenty of explanatory notes.  My sentiments lie with Lao Tzu and Chuang Tzu, but it is worthwhile to study Confucius as well.
Arrived on time and in immaculate condition.
Great read.
Great reference text.
Came in Excellent Condition. I was mostly interested in this version because it has a very beautiful and artistic cover, I didn't want a version of the book with a plane cover. But aside from that it's A Very Good Book. Knowledge Is Power. 🐉
Was a gift for a friend
Good condition
other sources needed for cultural context
Good quality
I enjoy this a lot. It is so nice to pick it up , read a little and ponder the meanings. Great to have it!
I leave this on the back of the toilet to confuse my roommates who constantly operate from a fearful mindset.
this man was a marvel it all boils down to do to other what you wish done to yourself. Too bad few people care to follow sage advice from those who came before us.
Helpful for a Religion Major tool!
The Amazon review system for this book seems to think it's some kind of novel. Hilarious, considering that it's wisdom literature. Well translated, with a few good notes.
Good value.
This book is very disorganized and it is very difficult to glean the main ideas from it.
Pretty easy to make it through, I have not read other translations but this one is understandable and a good read.
its good
excellent
Oxford did a phenomenal job in the organization of this historic work. Confucius is undoubtedly one of the most influential men to have walked the earth, and "The Analects" is a work that all libraries should encompass. This book includes additional notes and insights, and is a great size to carry around with you, whether you desire some light reading, are on the train to work, or in a waiting room at the doctor. Well done, Oxford!
Hard to get into, but a necessary source book for tracing what humans accept and what is not accepted and the breadth of an admonition across human experience.
The book arrived in perfect condition and is exactly what I thought I was buying. Just ensure you want this particular version of this famous piece and you can't go wrong.
The book itself is good. The book was damaged on arrival.
It was suppose to be brand new, yet i got it folded and crumpled up.
Given to friends.  Necessary read.
Great
I just luv the flow! And yes the conscious elevation as well! Sincerely, Terrence W.
Best edition
Great book condition
Confucius is worth reading for anyone's first eastern philosophical literary experience.
This book needs to be checked for spelling. Surely Penguin can spring for a copy editor. It's pretty bad in spots
A smooth translation
I had never READ this classic before. If you are into finding out more about OTHER faith structures, READ this.....it is illuminating!
Just like any philosophy, it is quite complex.
Great condition
Exactly as described.
AA++
How can we thrive without insights by the Sages of history?
excellent reference book
Excellent.
great shopping.
Offers a distinguished perspective on the outlook of conducting ones self. Definitely recommendable, it was indeed a worthy book to read.
Very interesting book.  You can read it in a night, and enjoy it.
Perfect
The Analects are crucial to understanding the culture of China. For this reason we use it as an anchor text in our document-based core course on the history of civilization. This edition is the most helpful I have seen. It is a good, smooth translation, and it is easily readable. Professor Wayne Detzler, Sacred Heart University, Fairfield, CT.
Ok
good
Great book.
good
This is an incredible collection of teaching on wisdom and virtue (two of the most important things in life) by a man who spent his life studying them and passing them on to his disciples.  There is a great deal of truth to be found in these pages, and whoever reads them is likely to come away a better person!
Not the same as equivalent paper edition. No Chinese characters side by side?  Will this electronic edition improve?
Beautifully put together.
Alas, not a very good translation of the old classic. The style is rather awkward: only get if you're an enthusiast.
Excellent! Fast shipping and product was exactly as described! Would definitely buy from this seller again!
good translation. good gift for english reading friends who want to know more about Chinese philosophy.
GOOOOOOD!!!!
A great book. Has all of Confucius's principles in a nice tidy bundle. Short and easy to maneuver on Kindle.
A beautiful Eastern/Oriental Classic of Philosophy and Religion.
excellent
Confucius is just full of sayings, some I had heard, some were new to me.  I have enjoyed reading this book and learned from it.  My question is:  Who wrote all of the sayings down and then saved them?  OK, I looked my questions up and found that the Author was the Disciples of Confucius, and they wrote this in the 4th century BC, and was kept in a book called The Analects of Confucius.  Google has more answers.  :-) Enjoy
Great gems for any reader.
Awesome it's what I expected
Great teachings and learnings from a true man of wisdom and virtue
i was inspired by a college class to get this for further reading, and i enjoyed this edition very much. it had an excellent translation.
Very well laid out.
My nephew has gone off to college this year and some of his books were so expensive we were lucky to find some of them here on Amazon and at a way better price than a retailer Very pleased with the books we were able to find!
An excellent read, which can provide valuable insight not only into ancient China, but also modern day China. Excellent questions are asked, and excellent answers are given, everyone could learn a thing or two from this book. However, due to the translation, following who the message is aimed at (Masters and students referring to one another, or translations of common Chinese salutations etc) can lead to some confusing moments.
Thanks!
An interesting translation. I have found it important to read more than one translation because Chinese-to-English requires just that. Simple inflections change the meanings dramatically, so this is one of several on my shelf.
I had to purchase the book for a college class but decided to keep it after it was used.  I enjoyed reading it and find early Asian philosophy interesting.  Sadly, the book is difficult to read on the first go through and will require a couple readings and focus to get through it.
THE ANALECTS IS A GOOD BOOK FOR ANYBODY WHO WANTS TO UNDERSTAND CONFUCIAN PHILOSOPHY.  THE TRANSLATION IS CLEAR AND UNDERSTANDABLE, EASY TO READ, BUT IT DOESNT EXPLAIN WHAT EACH ANALECT MEANS AND BEGGINERS ON THE SUBJECT COULD MISUNDERSTAND THE MEANINGS. GREAT REFERENCE BOOK FOR PEOPLE WHO ALREADY KNOW CONFUCIANISM OR A LITTLE OF CHINESE HISTORY.
Great book! Had a little damage to it though. Perhaps damaged en transit.
Boring as hell; but sometimes it makes you think.
Item as described and fast shipping - recommended!
I needed this book for a class. It came in great condition, the printing is very clear on every page and there were no folds at all. The quality exceeded my expectations, definitely worth its price!
Great book! Gives insight into deep thought and chinease culture. Highly recommend this book for people who want to expand their understanding of Confucius and the impact he had on China.
I gave this book a 2 because it didn't come in the cover I expect it to be in on the webpage. In addition, the condition listed that it was very good but it was really a fair to me. Some of the pages in the pack were tearing. I bought this book for $4, but looking at the back when it was sold new, it was listed for $4.95!
gift for my son
For school
I would very much recommend this book for college students who are in honors programs that require specific reading materials. The price on Amazon was less than half of what the book store was charging for the same book. Great deal
It contains the analects in confucius's words and that is rare! There were translations after and i really value the book. Way to go Oxford!
An example of publishing at its worse. No attrubution of the translator, no previous publication data, no prefatory material, no index, none of Lau's appendixes [if indeed it is his trnalation]. It is a piece of crap. The binding is chep, the cover is the sort you find on cheap kids' books. Caveat emptor!
Great book.
ladsfladf
Unable to understand writing at all.
Returned ... didn't realize new translation differed from work of which giftee asked.
Confucius says !!!!!
required reading for class
Product got here very quickly.  Book is in okay shape, good enough for a read once or twice, but not soemthing worth keeping as a reference tool or hierloom.  Has some pen marks and notes in it, I don't mind.  Incredible cheap, seller did a great job.
I do not accept Master Kong's logic or direction, and, in fact, think it is a lot of noise. However, it is worth serious study. I reject but many admire.  To study you need a very good edition. This is it. Brief, blunt, readily understandable. Much of the Master's work is fragmentary, much is cut off. That is reality. Everyone should study the works of Master Kong, however, as the story of Chinese culture if fascinating and, itself, enlightening. Master Kong still controls much of the thinking of the present Communist Party of China. Decide for yourself about the merits of the philosophical teaching, but this is an excellent book for study. Repeat: much of the work is fragmentary.
I only bought this because it was required reading in a class, and it was painfully boring to read. I'm sure there's someone who would like it, but I don't.
Thanks!! came in timely fashion, needed it for class...perfect & was correct! It's a good book & has a ton of great lessons to learn.
Not what I expected....
UGH
I did not read this book.  I ordered it for an out of state friend.  She wanted to read Confucious but I don't recall any feedback.
I found it very insightful, but the way it's written is very comprehensive. I found other Confucius books that were more of an easier read.
The Analects consists of passages compiled by the followers of Confucius, containing many quotes attributed to Confucius, together with comments from others about Confucius, quotes from his disciples, etc. Not being well-informed about China circa 500 BC, I found D. C. Lau's accompanying introduction, appendices, and notes very helpful in understanding the main text. The Analects are rather disjointed, with no overarching organizational thread running through the passages. They are also rather dry. They lack the poetic quality of, say, the Bhagavad Gita or the King James Bible (at least in this translation). But I found the central ideas in the Analects very appealing, and therefore liked the book considerably. Confucius thought that one should behave morally not in the hope of reward either in this life or any afterlife, but because it is the right thing to do. He prized learning, being benevolent, being trustworthy in what one says. For instance, the following quote by Confucius appears three times: "Make it your guiding principle to do your best for others and to be trustworthy in what you say." I also appreciate the sentiment that correct behavior changes over time, which allows me to hope that had Confucius lived in modern times he would have had a more favorable attitude toward women, who are barely mentioned in the Analects. Three more quotes of Confucius's that I liked: - "When you make a mistake, do not be afraid of mending your ways." - "It is not the failure of others to appreciate your abilities that should trouble you, but rather your failure to appreciate theirs." - "If a man remembers what is right at the sight of profit, is ready to lay down his life in the face of danger, and does not forget sentiments he has repeated all his life even when he has been in straitened circumstances for a long time, he may said to be a complete man."
The Analects contain twelve books (I to XX) each with around 15 to 50 numbered paragraphs. Confucius believed a leader that acted virtuously without resort to punishment could govern a country. Confucius lived in the "hundred philosophers period "551-233 BC. Two other prominent philosophers in that period were Mo Tzu with Consequentialism (see my review) and Han Fei Tzu with Legalism (see my review).  Many of Confucius ideas are similar to Mo Tzu, be it with some important differences (see later). The government never practiced Confucius ideas without including some of the ideas of Legalism, which emphasized the establishment of laws and punishment.  I have read the analects several times and analyzed each paragraph for relevance and usefulness to day. Many are. I learned a lot.  Many authors have tried to group these paragraphs under a few headings, some under the Chinese words, Jen, Chun tzu, Li, Te and Wen. The author presents in the Introduction such a summary of 46 pages of the  Analects text 102 pages.  My recommendation is to read the analects before the introduction and determine what you think is relevant to day.  Confucius presents ideas on how you should think and act. I  have selected a few of the paragraphs about government and the way to act that I hope  will encourage you to read the analects.  XII.19.Question. What would you think if I were to kill those who do not follow the way (do what is right)? Answer, What need is there for you to kill? Just desire the good yourself and the common people will be good. The virtue of the gentleman is like wind; the virtue of the small man is like grass. Let the wind blow over the grass and it is sure to bend.  II.3 Guide them with edicts, keep them in line with punishments, and the common people will stay out of trouble but will have no sense of shame. Guide them with virtue, keep them in line with rites, and they will, besides having a sense of shame, reform themselves  XVI.10 There are nine things the Gentleman turns his thought to: seeing clearly when he uses his eyes, to hearing acutely, when he uses his ears, to looking cordial when it comes to his countenance, to appearing respectful when it comes to his demeanor, to being conscientious when he speaks, to be reverent when he performs his duties, to seeking advice when he is in doubt, (be aware) of the consequences when he is enraged, and to do what is right at the sight of gain.   IV.15 The way of the master consists in doing one's best and in using oneself as a measure to gauge others.  VI.3 Yen Hui was eager to learn. Unfortunately his allotted span was a short one and he died". Mo Tzu concluded from this last paragraph that Confucius was a fatalist  All three philosophers believed that the ancestors were living in heaven and watching their descendants and interfering in what happened on earth. Elaborate funerals were held to show respect. Confucius supported rites and elaborate funerals. Mo Tzu said," if the officials sincerely desire to practice benevolence and righteousness and to benefit the people of China, they ought to adapt moderation in funerals as a principle of government.  The paragraphs also show that Confucius believed that it was possible for leaders to govern by acting virtuously and skeptical about the use of laws and punishment as advocated by Han Fei Tzu (II.3).
It’s easy to get caught up with the latest management fads, but hard to know which ones will endure. Indeed, Nassim Taleb writes about how time is the ultimate test for the fragility of ideas. So with China on the rise, what better ideas to look at than Confucius’, who lived over 2,500 years ago. His sayings are in this book, “Analects”, which are said to have been recorded by his disciples. What I've found is that Confucius was very good at understanding how to get the best out of hierarchical structures, which today would equate just as easily to corporations as governments. So I've picked out the best bits for business and modified the language to sound more contemporary: Basics of working: An overarching principle to work by is "do not impose on others what you yourself do not want" Someone who constantly learns will not be inflexible Avoid over-promising and under-delivering Money and status: Money and status are what everyone wants, but unless you get them in the right way don’t hold on to them It is easier to be arrogant when rich, then to complain of injustice when poor The good leader is at ease without being arrogant; the bad leader is arrogant without being at ease Don’t worry if you don’t get the job title you want – worry about your qualifications and ability to do the job. Don’t worry that no one appreciates your abilities – try to earn their appreciation Don’t blame others for not seeing your talent, blame yourself for not seeing their talents Managing others: Surround yourself with people that are better than you The leader enters into transparent partnerships, not factions/cliques To get staff to look up to you, promote the honest staff over the political ones People who are pleased with whatever the manager says is of no help to the manager A good manager helps others realise what is good in them, the bad manager helps them realise what is bad in them Leadership: Leadership is to know when you know, and say you don’t when you don’t Five things will make a leader great: respectfulness, tolerance, trustworthiness in words, delivering results quickly, and generosity Do not be impatient as you will not reach your goals. Do not be short-termist as you’ll not accomplish the big goals If leaders themselves didn’t act unethically, no-one would act unethically even if it carried a reward If a leader acts correctly, others will follow them even without orders, but if they are not correct in their actions, others will not follow even if orders are given For more like this, see bilalhafeez.com
There's no doubt about it- Confucius was a wise guy. If you're looking for quotes about virtue (or really anything) read this and I'm sure you'll find something. I found it interesting that certain values that arose in other parts of the world also arose there in China, completely independent. An example would be found in Book 12:2: "Do not impose on others what you would not like for yourself." Very similar to the Christian 'Golden Rule.' Quite interesting. If you're at all interested in Chinese culture/history, this is a must read.
There were a fair number of sayings in this book that seemed pretty irrelevant or impenetrable to the modern reader, mostly dealing with references to famous leaders of the past who would have been familiar to Confucious and his target audience, but who most modern westerners will have never heard of. Also, some of the phrasing is more than a touch convoluted. But there are a surprising number of the sayings that were perfectly clear, and perfectly relevant, even halfway around the world, millennia later, including a version of the Golden Rule. ("What I do not wish others to do to me, that also I wish not to do to them." Chapter 11, Book 5) I'm not certain how many of my complaints are due to the actual text, and how many are due to having a cheap translation with few notes.
I found this to be a fascinating book because it presents a perspective on social morality and the obligations constructed around having a family and a duty to the society you live in. I'm not sure if the translation is as accurate as it could be and there were times where the subtlety of the subject matter escaped me, likely because I'm not from china nor do I really have an accurate understanding of the culture in Confucius's time, let alone present time. Still, I found this book fascinating because it presents a different perspective on social responsibility and morality toward the people we interact with. I highly recommend reading it as an opportunity to expand your horizons both culturally and for social responsibility.
I was surprised to find that I was often very interested in the topics within this book and Confucius' handling of said themes. Having read Plato only a short time ago, Confucius seemed like a breath of fresh air. His concerns are how to live a virtuous life and achieve benevolence. Unlike much ancient philosphy, many of the sayings have their impact undimished by time. In each book (consisting usually of about 3 pages) there would generally be at least two or three sayings that struck me as truly meaningful and pertinent. Naturally, there were also some that seemed out of place or irrational, but that is to be expected in any text which is so old. If one is able to mine the gold from the rocks, Analects of Confucius can be quite a rewarding experience. However, I found the introduction and essays in the back of the book to be superfluous and felt that they did not shed much additional light on who Confucius was or what his teachings meant, choosing instead to focus mostly on minutue that was mostly uninteresting to me. This book is not a long read, and almost certainly worth a curious person's time.
The Analects of Confucius is one of the most influential books ever written anywhere. Although I cannot read the original Chinese, this remarkably lucid translation makes me feel quite close to the source. The translation makes a point of allowing some of the dazzling fragments in the Analects to remain just that without trying to smooth them out artificially. This is important as it allows the modern reader to appreciate the complex texture of an ancient text on its own terms. Both the introduction and the endnotes are quite helpful in elucidating some of the difficulties and the ambiguities in the text encountered by the general reader. Additionally, the size of the book is perfect. It is small enough to carry anywhere. Overall, highly recommended!
If, when you think of "eastern philosophy," yourheart goes pitter-patter for esoteric revelations from AscendedMasters, stories of Jesus practicing magic in Tibet as a youngster, oreven the mind-expanding wit of Zhuang Zi, you may find Confuciusboringly prosaic.  His wisdom lies in a different direction, and ismore subtle.  The Analects is like a bowl of Chinese dumplings, or attheir most flavorful dim sum, that you pick out one at a time andlearn the taste and value of.  Few of his sayings are brilliant, butrather the kind of mundane and kindly profundity that the war-wearyChina of the late Zhou found so filling.  In modern China, too, I havefound that Confucius is very popular, probably more popular than thewitty Lao Zi. Confucius said his teachings were connected by asingle thread.  While a disciple gave a slightly different solution,the thread I suggest you follow through this otherwise ratherdisjointed collection of teachings and observations is humility.  Bythat I don't mean self-abnegation or loss of individuality in thecollective, but an ability to see clearly in all directions -- above,towards superiors (ultimately God), below, compassion for the needy,within, ("To know what you know, and know what you don't know,this is knowledge") and without, to take an interest in the worldaround you.  (Confucius became China's "first teacher"because he himself was "eager to learn.") To me, this kindof integrated humility is the starting point for any worthwhilephilosophy of life. The Analects can also be of value to peopleinterested in the critical study of the New Testament, by the way.This book greatly resembles the Gospels in terms of genre.  Bothconsist of sayings and actions of a teacher who traveled with a bandof disciples, as recorded by the early community of followers.  Fewscholars doubt the historical character of the Analects, whilecontroversy about the Gospels makes headlines on a regular basis.  Itis interesting to me that the same internal arguments scholars likeCreel and Lau use to prove the Analects, apply even more strongly tothe Gospels.  If you do read the two sets of documents together, youmight try the further experiment of comparing Confucius' ideal person,sage or "Savior" as Confucian scholar Chen Jingpan describeshim, to the central character of the Gospels.  Remember that Menciussaid a sage would appear once every 500 years, and Confucius lived in500 B.C. As a Christian I respect Confucius not only as a great moralteacher, but also sometimes think he might have been a kind ofprophet. Five stars for Confucius; one lost in translation.Soothill seems accurate, as far as I can tell, and the price is right,but his language is a bit archaic at times.  Also, be sure to get aversion with notes. Author, True Son of Heaven: How Jesus Fulfillsthe Chinese Culture ...
Filled with totally obfuscated phrases like, "The Kuan-chu Ode is lively but not licentious, plaintive but not harrowing," are gems like, "Po I and Shu Ch'i never remembered old injuries, and therefore their enemies were few."  The thing about it, is that I read it cover to cover.  Clearly, this deep and old wisdom is best taken in small bits for not many words are wasted.  Also, the Lionel Giles translation I read was weak on supplemental commentary so I really felt like I needed a more knowledgeable guide as I was reading.  Perhaps the Norton version would have better annotations then the beautiful Easton Press version from my library.  It is clearly a five star book, but I think I only got about three stars out of it.  Most certainly a book to read again, and again and again.
I guess, there is not much point in buying this book for the text of Lunyu itself: it is available in full on the Internet (for example at Wengu: [...] - in the Chinese original, two English - including Lau's - and one French translation) but it is the introduction and adjoining commentaries that are of value. In this respect, I found D.C.Lau's work quite pleasing. He explains the main terms and how they hang together, illustrates his arguments with quotations from the actual Analects and tries his best to relate Confucius' philosophy to suitable analogues in the Western tradition. I am no China-expert, so this helped a lot. The book also has a post-script outlining Kong-zi's life and a short piece on the individual disciples and friends that Confucius converses with in the book. I think there is $9 of value (or whatever the price) in this book.
I was reviewing   when I found this book on Confucius. I have always been a fan of his philosophy and way of thinking. I like the fight and the believes he had in his times while others were more like following the troups and status of the dynasties. It was the wild west of the ancient world.
I had heard much about the Sayings, but after actually reading them, I can only say they left me quite unimpressed. There is very little in the book besides exhortations to be steady, sincere and to obey one's parents and  tradition. Nothing at all is said about any sort of internal transformation  as one finds in Lao-Tze. I can't read Chinese, so I can't say how accurate  the translation is, but if this is what Confucius was all about I just  don't see what all the fuss is about.
While 'Penguin Classics' paperbacks are generally some of the best on the market, the Analects themselves are, in this case, a bit out a date. Better translations have been made, in my opinion. However, the prose itself is well-styled and clearly separated. Concise and easy to understand. The fluency of the book is what seems most troubling.
VERY GOOD
It's amazing how after so many years Confucius thoughts are still important. Here you can find the basis for most of the later philosophists, including some universal principles of most religions. Even though it is not easy to read, with a little effort is a book to enjoy.
Thank you!
This book contains the essential antiquities of ancient learning that fostered the development of the philosophies in the west in a clear, easy to read format. I was amply impressed by the organization and  translation, and doubly impressed by the fantastic price. I would highly  recommend for anyone just curious about philosophy, or for anyone doing  scholarly research on this subject. 5 stars
This should be required reading for everyone by adulthood.  It gives you a unique perspective which no educated person should be without.
I dunno, but my son does, and he was please to receive multiple translations.  (too much wordiness in the world)
Essential for understanding East Asia
The quality of printing of the book (new) I received was rather poor.  I kept it just because I didn't want to go through the trouble of returning it.
Very instructive. I love it.
An interesting book with some thought-provoking quotes.  i don't know about other readers but it was a little confusing for me, i got the feeling much of what is inside needs to be understood in context, and thankfully there are a lot of side-notes to go with it.
The Analects, joined with a length introduction and notes on the key Confucsian teachings
Bit 'heavy duty' at times but still interesting
Excellent quality and smart edition! Love my book, not to mention the content :)
this is another book I bought for my grandson going to university and according to him it's an excellent edition of it which he's very pleased with----I was pleased with the usual efficient service from Amazon
Fascinating!! It is a book to dip into and think about. It may be old and Chinese but has thoughts relevant to today.
MANNERS AND RESPECT
Arrived in time and a great book to read and quality is good
Very good - makes you think and laugh
Its good to read the writings of the wise.
Some interesting points to think about.  The style is a bit rushed and abrupt...
Good book.
Excellent translation with a great introduction, it helps to explain the subtleties and dual meanings that can be derived from the source text.
ty
Great book especially considering its age. Confucius is widely acknowledged as one of the greatest thinkers ever and his analacts, a collection of his thoughts and teachings are right up there with Sun Tzu's Art of War for the respect they still recieve today. Conficius has many great teachings in this very short book, I trawled through it with a highlighter and regularly go back and reread the lines which mean the most to me. Some of his ideas can change the way you think and act towards others for the better if you take them onboard and apply them in your life. This book would also be good for anyone who appreciates inspiration books like Art of War for application in management situations. The ideas may be able to help you better understand, communicate with and respect colleagues.
The book is considered as the Chinese Bible throughout the ages and widely read. Confucianism, as an orthodox philosophy, is based on The Analects. The book is a collection of Confucius's wisdom compiled together by his disciples. These teachings are still relevant as self-knowledge and pursuit of virtue are ageless themes. Now about the quality of the book. This book is awfully produced to say the least. This is a Penguin Classics edition and they just failed themselves to do justice to their fame. From the font selection to the quality of pages, everywhere a careless attitude is prevailing. The translation is up to the mark but the book has missed it.
Books from this edition are great no-fuss books and they're super cheap. This particular book however I found a bit harder to read because there are numerous references to individuals, locations, etc. which appear to be at the source of the meaning and in very few places are clarifications provided. Still, this book is in some places very much a gem, even/especially in this day and age.
Ancient taos (daos) Daos (taos) (I dont even) Are the best self help books. Most self help books are nonsense marketing titles. Confucius is a genius.
The Analects contain twelve books (I to XX) each with around 15 to 50 numbered paragraphs. Confucius believed a leader that acted virtuously without resort to punishment could govern a country. Confucius lived in the "hundred philosophers period "551-233 BC. Two other prominent philosophers in that period were Mo Tzu with Consequentialism (see my review) and Han Fei Tzu with Legalism (see my review).  Many of Confucius ideas are similar to Mo Tzu, be it with some important differences (see later). The government never practiced Confucius ideas without including some of the ideas of Legalism, which emphasized the establishment of laws and punishment.  I have read the analects several times and analyzed each paragraph for relevance and usefulness to day. Many are. I learned a lot.  Many authors have tried to group these paragraphs under a few headings, some under the Chinese words, Jen, Chun tzu, Li, Te and Wen. The author presents in the Introduction such a summary of 46 pages of the  Analects text 102 pages.  My recommendation is to read the analects before the introduction and determine what you think is relevant to day.  Confucius presents ideas on how you should think and act. I  have selected a few of the paragraphs about government and the way to act that I hope  will encourage you to read the analects.  XII.19.Question. What would you think if I were to kill those who do not follow the way (do what is right)? Answer, What need is there for you to kill? Just desire the good yourself and the common people will be good. The virtue of the gentleman is like wind; the virtue of the small man is like grass. Let the wind blow over the grass and it is sure to bend.  II.3 Guide them with edicts, keep them in line with punishments, and the common people will stay out of trouble but will have no sense of shame. Guide them with virtue, keep them in line with rites, and they will, besides having a sense of shame, reform themselves  XVI.10 There are nine things the Gentleman turns his thought to: seeing clearly when he uses his eyes, to hearing acutely, when he uses his ears, to looking cordial when it comes to his countenance, to appearing respectful when it comes to his demeanor, to being conscientious when he speaks, to be reverent when he performs his duties, to seeking advice when he is in doubt, (be aware) of the consequences when he is enraged, and to do what is right at the sight of gain.   IV.15 The way of the master consists in doing one's best and in using oneself as a measure to gauge others.  VI.3 Yen Hui was eager to learn. Unfortunately his allotted span was a short one and he died". Mo Tzu concluded from this last paragraph that Confucius was a fatalist  All three philosophers believed that the ancestors were living in heaven and watching their descendants and interfering in what happened on earth. Elaborate funerals were held to show respect. Confucius supported rites and elaborate funerals. Mo Tzu said," if the officials sincerely desire to practice benevolence and righteousness and to benefit the people of China, they ought to adapt moderation in funerals as a principle of government.  The paragraphs also show that Confucius believed that it was possible for leaders to govern by acting virtuously and skeptical about the use of laws and punishment as advocated by Han Fei Tzu (II.3).
I had to return it. Got the refund. The page quality was not up to the mark.
Il n'y a rien de tel que la Bible. Les Analects sont des commentaires reformulés à la façon du "maître" voleur, qui tourne les versets bibliques en essayant de faire croire qu'ils ont été inventés par "lui". En somme du n'importe quoi, on s'ennuie. A load of BS of make believe, stolen from the Bible and twisted to fit "asian wisdom" from a common man. Waste of time and boring.
Must buy. You must add this to your home library collection.
I understand that this is no fault of the writer(s); Confucius has much less surviving work than western counterparts Plato, Aristotle etc. - and it can be a little offsetting.  This book won't read like Plato's "Republic", Aristotle's 'Politics' or pretty much anything else - it's more of a compilation of the sayings of Confucius (hence 'Analects').  Some excerpts are a single line, whilst others a whole page.  This makes for very easy picking up, as you won't need to remember where you left off, really. What I can make of this book is that Confucius was an extremely wise man, and it's a shame that he didn't write his own book(s).  Also, there are great footnotes in this version of The Analects, and extensive further reading material at the back of the book; in addition to a very scene setting introduction. It'll be a quick read (therefore buy it from a cheaper supplier), but unquestionably worthwhile
Good work
Must for every book reader
interesting early writings on the evolutionary phenomenon of practical altruism
good book
Words of wisdom are profound and timeless indeed!!!
Poor English Translation.
not expected this quality from Penguin Classics
Confucius is boring
No need to say that this book is excellent but paper and print quality is not up to standard.
I purchased this having often enjoyed reading asserted Confucius quotes on sites such as wikiquote, and others. When I discovered I could purchase them in this form, I ordered it. About half a year later I started to read it, having purchased many classics at once. I am not a stranger to reading philosophy: odd, perhaps, considering my age (19). I had read Nietzsche, Milton Friedman's monograph Capitalism and Freedom, much of Max Stirner's The Ego and Its Own, numerous political essays and opinion pieces, Machiavelli's The Prince...all those were much more 'cynical' than Confucius, who has a wonderful, if cautious outlook on life. Nietzsche, too, has this property, although it takes a reader to understand the underlying celebration, and to reach the joyful regions of his arguments. Confucius, known here generally as 'The Master', can be summed simply: he promotes 'wisdom' and 'benevolence' as the chief sources of happiness in life. To Confucius, what follows this is loyalty, social cohesion (if we strive for benevolence, then we are bound to please others, and thus have them seek to please us). In other words, Confucius believes that these elements help the reproduction of society, and the reproduction of man. Confucius refreshingly believes that men can improve themselves, and can become Gentlemen whether they are poor, or are rich. Becoming a gentle man (to twist the translation to show its etymological implications) is, therefore, a wonderful cause, and something which is rewarding. The early chapters are less interesting than the later, but I picked up and read this over a long period of time (a large break), so I may be wrong. I would read a chapter or a half every day or two, and would on the rest of my journey throughout the hours muse on them, internalise them, think on their wisdom. The less helpful passages are ones which are not as applicable to a secular, Western reader, such as about ancestor worship, and perhaps too the rigorousness of 'filial piety': obeying of one's parents, and the writings based around tea and rice (although we can substitute this and simply take the wisdom behind it). However, the principles Confucius founds these ideas on are sound and are rigorously applied: for example, Confucius writes that "If a man sets his heart on benevolence, he will be free from evil"- the same is true of Kings, Dukes, Lords, all of whom should lead by example- Confucius believed, having served in government himself in his younger years, that if their leaders were good and kind, so too would be their people. D.C. Lau's edition is thoughtful, and its footnotes are often helpful, particularly on corruption. Something I did not note until I was near the end of the book was the very helpful glossary of names after the main text, which I would recommend to use- The Analects were written down by Confucius' followers and friends, thus the majority of the sayings are based around dialogue between those individuals and The Master. Confucius' humility, wisdom and sticking to his principles are refreshing. Most importantly to this review, this book helped stabilise me at a time when I was uncertain and thinking a lot- Nietzsche may have turned me into a man of dynamite ("I am not a man, I am Dynamite", Ecce Homo), I feel Confucius helped turn me into a wiser man. Lightweight and easy to pick up, I'd recommend The Analects to anyone who perhaps wants to immerse themselves in one of the significant roots of China's culture, and to immerse themselves in their own mind and thoughts. Often the most favourable interpretation of a saying is best- be open and respectful (to be Confucian) and these sayings will help you as they certainly did with me. I only wish I had the volume here at university, something I will rectify when I return home. 5 stars/5
Great!
Material could better
Good book of orientel philosophy
page quality is not good.
dis book is amazing and also contemporary. great book i have ever read. must read for all .very nice .
Always useful to have a copy to read when you have five minutes or so. Great introduction explaining the context too.
Other than in passing reference I am new to Confucius' body of work and The Analects have been an excellent place to start.  D. C. Lau's introduction lays excellent ground for the reader to understand and put into context The Analects.  It is this introduction that makes this translation stand out from others I perused before purchasing. Having read through once I now use this book daily as a reference of useful and practical principles.  Much of the guidance given by Confucius is as relevant today as it was over 2500 years ago.  In the spirit of Confucius, I would recommend you apply his teachings as part of your own personal quest to self discovery to improve the world around you. Ahead of his time, it is disappointing that Confucius and The Analects are not more common in education syllabuses to encourage young people to consider their environment, politics and relationships with other human beings.  In a society where ego is usually a guiding principle of success, I highly recommend The Analects as your own personal `check and balance'. I haven't changed the world and I've certainly not lost my ego, but the teachings of Confucius (in this publication) have helped me temper my arrogance and consider my relationships with friends relatives and colleagues; all for the better.
If you are interested in philosophy or just want to see what Confucius "really said", this is the book for you. Easy to dip in and out of.
Just what I wanted. Gives an introduction to Confucius followed by the sayings themselves. Couldn't have asked for anything more.
This is a very good Everyman edition of Confucius' Analects, with Arthur Waley's invaluable introduction.  Although the dust-jacket was missing, the book was in good condition and I am very satisfied. Essential reading for those wishing to understand China, where Confucius' teachings are tending once more to overshadow Marxism.
Worth Reading if you like Confucius.
The work of a master obviously, what else do you need to know.
I bought this book as a present this was by far the cheapest , delivery took some time compared to one I had bought at the same time from a different amazon supplier , but it arrived in a plastic wrapper unopened untouched , I was very happy and so was my nephew
This book is a collection of insights from Confucius over his lifetime seperated by periods. It is good that there are no interpretations only translations. People purchasing this book should be aware of this as it is a difficult read with depth of understanding required beyond that of a scholar. Good choice to read.
the writing is too small so have to send it back
Interesting.
Show me a man who don't know Confucius and i will show you a baby who can't be loved.
Questionable translation but a cracking read! Would recommend to any lads or ladettes out there who like a bit of Chinese philosophy.
This is a really good translation, easy to read and very easy to follow. I enjoyed reading about his travels, his way of treating his students and his love of behaving well. If you aren't particularly religious, it is a good guide for how to be a gentleman. Where it falls down, for me, is that there is very little attempt to answer the big questions: death, after death, God, why behave well anyway? But I still give it the full number of stars.
Fantastic must read book. After reading this book, I realized the the issues related to the "human factor" issues is real and last from few thousand of years. Its comforting from a certain point of view.
Good
Interesting if you love China history :)
論語の英語バージョンです。論語などの漢文は、正直言って日本語の読み下し文でも、現代人には判りにくい場合もあります。かえって英語の方がはっきりと現代語に訳すことができるので、内容はむしろ英語の方が判り易いかもしれません。皮肉な話ではありますが… 英語の勉強にもなりますし、それがこの価格で簡単に手に入るのは、一石二鳥、いや、三鳥かもしれません。
there is no Chinese original in this book, only translation. I'm looking for the the bilingual edition. The book is light and not very big, good. maybe I'll give it to my friends as a present.
Knowledge!
As expected
Interesting..
I found the Analects very uplifting and thought provoking and would recommend this book to anyone who likes to have their ideals and thoughts questioned.
Exactly as advertised, and shipped quick.
OK
I'm interested in most things of Chinese culture / history and am curious to find out more about Confucious - have'nt read much of it yet !
I like how confuciuses rules/words can be still applied in this age and i spot on in many areas.
This book is extremely fragmentary. The text is corrupt in many parts and that is acknowledged by the writer. It has more to do with the life, times, culture of eastern philosophy than wisdom. Emperors, lords, masters, servants.  It is okay as a book but you get the feeling that a completely new and revised copy needs to be produced. And where passages are inscrutable, they should not be included as interpenetrating them would be a guess. This book should be brought back to the drawing board, but has merit as a good work of philosophy and summary of eastern culture.
It’s easy to get caught up with the latest management fads, but hard to know which ones will endure. Indeed, Nassim Taleb writes about how time is the ultimate test for the fragility of ideas. So with China on the rise, what better ideas to look at than Confucius’, who lived over 2,500 years ago. His sayings are in this book, “Analects”, which are said to have been recorded by his disciples. What I've found is that Confucius was very good at understanding how to get the best out of hierarchical structures, which today would equate just as easily to corporations as governments. So I've picked out the best bits for business and modified the language to sound more contemporary: Basics of working: An overarching principle to work by is "do not impose on others what you yourself do not want" Someone who constantly learns will not be inflexible Avoid over-promising and under-delivering Money and status: Money and status are what everyone wants, but unless you get them in the right way don’t hold on to them It is easier to be arrogant when rich, then to complain of injustice when poor The good leader is at ease without being arrogant; the bad leader is arrogant without being at ease Don’t worry if you don’t get the job title you want – worry about your qualifications and ability to do the job. Don’t worry that no one appreciates your abilities – try to earn their appreciation Don’t blame others for not seeing your talent, blame yourself for not seeing their talents Managing others: Surround yourself with people that are better than you The leader enters into transparent partnerships, not factions/cliques To get staff to look up to you, promote the honest staff over the political ones People who are pleased with whatever the manager says is of no help to the manager A good manager helps others realise what is good in them, the bad manager helps them realise what is bad in them Leadership: Leadership is to know when you know, and say you don’t when you don’t Five things will make a leader great: respectfulness, tolerance, trustworthiness in words, delivering results quickly, and generosity Do not be impatient as you will not reach your goals. Do not be short-termist as you’ll not accomplish the big goals If leaders themselves didn’t act unethically, no-one would act unethically even if it carried a reward If a leader acts correctly, others will follow them even without orders, but if they are not correct in their actions, others will not follow even if orders are given For more like this, see bilalhafeez.com
Interesting
This version was translated by a Chinese-American scholar who had moved to the US when she was 12 so the English was perfect and easy to read. She had a lot of added commentary which gave you a very complete and understandable look at the times Confucius lived in. She used other Chinese commentators on his work to add to the reader's understanding. He lived in turbulent time and I found his advice and admonitions to be relevant even to a 21st Century American.
There is magic in Annping Chin's commentarial remarks.  They clarify Confucius's words by providing cultural and linguistic detail.  This makes "The Analects" fresh and meaningful.  They "come to life".  I used to wonder why Confucius is held in esteem.
I've been trying to learn more about China, particularly hoping to get some glimpses of its present state by seeing its past. Confucian thought has been a driving force for many years so I dabbled in this book. As usuall, it answered less and aroused more questions, yet it still is amazing to see that basic human needs and wants rarely change. I wonder if the ancient Egyptians had something similar?
There are many English versions of the Lunyu (Analects) but this is arguably the best. The  English is lucid but the outsatanding feature is the annotations that explain much that would be obscure to general readers and even sinologists whose expertise is on later periods. If you are curious about Confucius, this is the book to start with.
I had to buy this book for a university class called CHIN-1090. I didn't understand the entire context at first, but then I read the Tao Te Ching, and in the context of the Tao Te Ching, this book now makes perfect sense.
I would like only the Analects, there seems to be to much interpretation.
Liking this a lot.  Currently wading through it.
Another great classic to enjoy! I love it.
Very well put together
The Analects is the primary work within the Confucian canon, but by no means an easy read. The format of the book is a compilation of sayings attributed to Confucius, followed by analysis by the book’s translator Chin Anping.  A clear strength is the updated translation, using the standard Pin Yin as opposed to the phonetically misleading Wade-Giles system, coupled with a more updated and correct understanding of the proverbs and sayings.  The work’s primary focus is upon moral character, stressing the need to be humane, the character of a gentleman, and how a just ruler should behave. For the latter, there is surprisingly fewer analects than one would expect, which may leave those wanting a more clear understanding of the Chinese mindset on governance wanting for more.  It is worth noting that the Analects is the first work in the Confucian canon, which was greatly expanding by followers such as Mencius and Xunzi.  Not an easy read, but an essential one for understanding Chinese views on morals and principles.
Can't wait to read this baby, the first one got lost upon delivery. This book is important for philosophy in general, but more specifically, it is both cultural and historical for the Chinese (which is really good to further your views). Hence why one might want to read it.
The Analects is to Ancient China what Meditations is to Ancient Rome. There are many versions of this deeply important work, but this translation by Annping Chin is the best of them all. Why? Because it is complete, one cannot understand the passages without commentary providing the context, and Annping Chin is one of the leading experts on the life of Confucius in the West, her translation and annotations bring the sentiments of the great philosopher-practitioner and his students to life. Secondly, this work features both the English translation and the original Chinese text for cross-reference. Confucianism is a philosophy that has many interpretations, it has survived for thousands of years and has a long way to go, this is the first choice text for understanding and important aspect of Chinese culture and receiving guidance for your own life.
Very good interpretation by this translator.
Read this to understand Xi Jinping
The book came damaged. It looks like it’s been used before
Well received in good condition
