Love it! I would recommend anyone to read this book!
NOT THE FULL TEXT....these are the  cliff notes......product page is awful.
This is a ~15 page "summary" of the book. Ordered this thinking it was the full text because it doesn't say otherwise in the description.
Looks like someone printed a PDF I could have found for free online. The book is too wide and tall and the layout, indentation, and general typography are awful.
I want to tell future readers of this book in this way. I read it first when I was 14 or 15. I thought it was a book on how to smartly fight a war. Then I re-read it when I was 28 and it occurred to me that it may be an instruction book on how to navigate an honorable life. Years passed and I recently found it at the bottom of a box in my closet. I read it again at age 56. I realized it has more to offer. If you read this book, you will actively have to replace Sun Tzus' ancient terms and placement of hierarchy and apply them to modern situations and people. Family, bosses, neighbors, employees and the list goes on. It is my belief that this "manual" can help solve minor and major disruptions in life if used correctly. It is a book meant for good.
This is ABSOLUTELY AWFUL.  It should say PUBLIC DOMAIN as it is like a copy from someone who took notes off of someone who took notes who took notes off someone who doesn't even write in the English language!  It is woefully abridged (to the max) looks like it was not edited or proofread and I loathe it.  AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL
This is the single best translation of The Art of War — the one used in history courses and the military. Why? Because it's JUST The Art of War. No long intros. No author's notes. No commentary. No 10 pages of history or Sun Tzu biography. It's simply the text of The Art of War translated by an international group of Chinese- and English-speaking scholars. Period. It's the *definitive* text. Complaining about it being short is like complaining about the Gettysburg Address being short. It IS short. That's the POINT. If you want to read dozens of pages of commentary and history and footnotes and acknowledgements, buy a lesser version. If you want to read The Art of War, buy this one.
 Idk, maybe I didn't read the reviews in my Xmas shopping haste? But this is NOT The Art of War you're used to. This is a very thin, 67 page cliffnote version. And it'd be nice if they listed that pertinent fact in the headline 🙄 Kinda just a waste of resources sending it back, of time for me, and a loss for the seller. Annoying.
Interesting book, everybody sites The Art of War as the top book for combat, business, and all types of other endeavors. It's a little difficult to just read however it has tons of wise principles. You do have to think somewhat abstractly in order to benefit from this book, but overall I think it's worth having and worth reading. Certainly not the type of book you would read like anovel...
I really appreciate having read this book. It oriented my mind in a favorable way towards using and thinking about certain mindfulness-based strategical tactics. I appreciate the guidance and motivational support written within the pages. This was a quick, easy read for me and will be a lasting reference for years to come. I highly suggest this to everybody. It is a classic must-read in my opinion. I was not compensated in any way for this review. I like to give open, honest and transparent feedback about products I like to try. I hope you found this review to be useful. If so, please click the 'Helpful' button to let myself and others know that it has helped you.
It seems like I have heard about the classic book, "The Art of War," for as long as I can remember. I finally decided to buy the book from Amazon. Red flags, bells, and whistles should have went off inside my head when I only paid $3.99 for the book. This is not the original book that I had anticipated reading. This is more or less a summary of "The Art of War," by Sun Tzu. It is my responsibility to be aware of what I am purchasing. I rated this book with 3-stars because I did find nuggets of wisdom splattered throughout the book. Beware! If you intend on purchasing "The Art of War," by Sun Tzu the $3.99 is not the copy to buy.
This was an incredibly economical buy. A good price on a legendary literary work. However, it should be pointed out that this was a public domain reprint and the publishing company did not cite nor include the translator of this piece in any way, it is simply "The Art of War" by Sun Tzu. The quality of the print is very good and the material seems to all be there, although, there are many blank pages as shown in the attached image. Again, I did not notice any material actually missing or out of context. I would not purchase this book if you are looking to reference it for scholarly sources or any work in which you would have to reference the content directly. I would definitely encourage the buy if it is for personal use or work that does not require proper citations.
-If you have inconsistent or poor performances on your team, you NEED to read this book! -If you are the type of leader that is "too nice" and you feel like your employees take advantage of you, you NEED to read this book! -If your employees are terrified of you, you NEED to read this book! This is how this book changed my life: My first big promotion was getting the General Manager position of a restaurant at 21 years old, and I did everything I could to make my employees happy (bringing the principals from "First Break All the Rules- What the World's Greatest Managers Do Differently" which is also imperative to help you measure and understand how to make an amazing work environment for your employees), and it worked wonders- at first. My employees were happy and my customer reviews sky rocketed!! However, over time some employees started to push the lines of respect with me and others, and some just started to outright ignore me or give me attitude. I was devastated! How could they treat me disrespectfully after I had spent months bending over backwards finding out and giving them everything they needed to be happy at work??? I praised them tirelessly, I thanked them constantly, I encouraged them, I personally trained them, I got them equipment and supplies they need to do a good job, I was spending one-on-one time with each of them would ask how their lives were, etc! I was the "nicest boss...." who was also turning out to be a pushover. You can have all the kindness in the world but it makes your team useless if you have no discipline at the same time! The Bible says God disciplines His children BECAUSE He loves us. Otherwise, we turn into monsters! Which is what I was beginning to experience with my team. I HAD NO DISCIPLINE, and NEITHER DID MY TEAM. Why would they respect me? I thought discipline was bad- "punishment" you gave and "punishment" was mean. Nope... turns out every team needs it, and if you are CONSISTENTLY and FAIRLY giving predictable and fore-warned discipline all the time, along with kindness, which Sun Tzu talks about in the book as well, you will have an amazing team. This is my favorite quote from the book that finally turned the light bulb on for me:  Page 26 #42-45: "If soldiers are punished before they have grown attached to you, they will not prove submissive; and, unless submissive, then will be practically useless. If, when the soldiers have become attached to you, punishments are not enforced, they will still be useless. Therefore soldiers must be treated in the first instance with humanity, but kept under control by means of iron discipline. This is a certain road to victory. If in training soldiers commands are habitually enforced, the army will be well-disciplined; if not, its discipline will be bad. If a general shows confidence in his men but always insists on his orders being obeyed, the gain will be mutual." AND YES IT WAS! Over time, not only did my employees love coming into work EVEN MORE, but they worked harder, my customers were happier, and so was I. People are comforted to know their boss will always be kind AND fair. If you never know how your boss will treat you, it creates uncertainty and anxiety with the team that always leaks out to the customers. It took me only a couple weeks to begin fully implementing this mindset with my employees. At first, I'm not going to lie- it shocked them a bit and they didn't believe when me I would tell them I would be disciplining them if they didn't follow through or finish a direct order I had given them. I had to fire one manager who was undermining me to the team, and then everyone saw I was serious and fell right into line. Of course, I did all of this will extreme kindness. Discipline should never be nasty or hateful or done when you are fuming angry. The employees need kind, proper and consistent warnings before they receive any consequences (which I learned to start doing right from onboarding them at orientation- saved me a lot of time and trouble), and then if and when the time comes for the formal discipline, they know by then that it was totally their choice, and you are only following through on what you said would happen. There are SO MANY MORE GREAT QUOTES in this book. Just get it. Get a highlighter and pick out the diamonds that you need. Go over them time and again and become the amazing leader of your life and of your team you are meant to be!
Ordered for my daughter, who is in ministry and all 20 campuses of her ministry are required to study this book. She received a flimsy pamphlet, if you will, that is not the book itself. Extremely disappointed as she ordered this about a month ago and it just arrived, and she's already behind because it should not have taken this long to receive a book when I have a Prime account. Then to receive the incorrect book made things worse, and we cannot go out and purchase the book for her to have immediately. This was a huge waste, time-consuming, and extremely disappointing. We should have read the reviews first, as we see there are others who've encountered this same problem.
As a person who has a  passion for reading I am also a young teenager who is often times lost on what direction to go in life. After reading this book and studying the literature within this ancient book I feel like I can accomplish my hardest challenges.
Very nice and great for desktop but i didnt realize it was a tiny version. I order these leather look books all the time and they are always standard to large size so my bad for not reading the description. That said, nice product and great to just toss around on a desktop or whatever......too small for a bookshelf. Love it, keeping and reading it but a little pricey for th3 size as i get full size volumes for my collection all the time for this price.
I really wish I had read all the reviews before purchasing this. It is all things you can find online for free. 15 pages of wide set typing and this author's take on what is actually in the real book. This thing is TINY because it is not the entire text. This is really false advertising. I didn't want a book report by an unknown source.
Confused . Is this supposed to be a summary? I only see bulletin points. Not what I expected
Do not buy this book. It’s a small preview of the real Art of War book. Consider this: if you get this book it’s about 68 total pages. The real Art of War is 273 pages. That means if you buy this “book” you’ll be missing 205 pages from the real book. That’s *a lot* of important information. This is a scam book, do not buy it. Spend your money elsewhere.
Are you person of interest of war? Are you a strategist? Do you like war? What entices you? If you answer all of these questions, this book will definitely make worth of your enjoyment during your boring or slow day. It'll be like taking a candy from a baby once you finish this book. However, if you plan to buy this book, you must be ready and be willing to be a fighter like the wind, such as Muhammad Ali, Yi Soon Shin, and other great heroes who have fought through many challenges and won them through the end.
This Audio Book has no commentary and is the writings of The Art of War by Sun Tzu only. I have The Art of War in written form with and without Commentary and frankly like the version without commentary better. I really like this Audio version. The reader has a good voice, easy to understand and doesn't interject his personal emotional  feeling during the reading. It is read in narrative form without the reading of Chapter number or or number of the paragraphs. For example Attack by Fire or The Use of Spies, followed by Sun Tzu says, then the subject under that heading.  This is actually a plus for me since it's very easy to follow the logic under each area of instruction, making a very smooth easy to follow narrative. A person can follow along with a written copy if they wish, but I found myself laying the book down, kicking back, and simply listening to the smooth logical, easy to follow reading. This is a small audio book but very enjoyable and still instructional. I have listened to this several times and still learn and just plain enjoy the reading.  At 69 years old that sometimes isn't easy with some Audio Books I have. I do recommend this one. You can download this into Media Player and make a Playlist, the chapter headings are shown, you can't bookmark if you stop but I simply write down the chapter I stopped in and the verse on a slip of paper in my written copy which allows me to come back later and pick up where I left off in the Audio Book. There may be an easier way but I don't know it. Hope this helps someone.
Historical references, (in translated Chinese) and other notes, litter the text, making it very difficult to follow the flow and primary scope of the book. Secondly, there are hundreds of instances of spaces missing between words! How the heck does that happen? Who proof-read, this book, a 5-year old? It was free, so there's that. I'm thinking of spending money and purchasing a different version that I can actually follow.
I’m about halfway through the book and it’s very well written, straight to the point, and easy to grasp. Love it. There is a minor typo on page 27, #4. It says “effected by the science...”, should be “affected by the...”. I highly doubt anyone would be thrown off by this typo or even notice it, just figured I’d mention it if you plan on coming out with a new edition at some point. Sorry, I’m a little ocd at times. But as I said, I absolutely love the book and the way it’s laid out!
This was self-published. To make some money I suppose. Nothing wrong with that. But it shows poor editing. A number of misspelled words and a few other errors that could have been detected if the editing were better.
This is one of those books that should be a mandatory read in school, probably high school in order to have the students understand the ideas and concepts presented. I finally read this book after retiring from work and found that a lot of the ideas (such as the one who plans beforehand will succeed) were things I learned while working and some of the rest were more or less common sense. If more people read this while they were teenagers, I think we would have a population that was a bit more common-sensical about their lives instead of just going with what feels best at the moment.
This is the cliff note version of The Art of War. This is falsely advertised and I am extremely disappointed. Returning it ASAP.
the Art of War by Sun Tzu is a concise treatise packed with wisdom.  Countless reams of scholarly research has been generated in the millenia since Sun Tzu wrote this masterpiece. Unfortunately, this edition seems to jam all of that research as inline notes into the text itself.  It is virtually impossible to distinguish what Sun Tzu wrote contrasted against what someone else wrote about Sun Tzu.  The research is good; it's just impossible to read through. I tried to read this, but got so fed up that I edited   of "the Art of War" with all of the notes and research linked into an appendix instead of inline with the text.  As a result, you can read "the Art of War" free from the interruptions and distractions of scholars and analysts.  Still, if you want that research, it's available in the appendix.  Every section links to its related notes, and even the related notes link to one another. In full disclosure, I am the editor of the copy that I linked to, but I think you'll find it much easier to read.  (After all, I should.)  If you prefer this free edition, do yourself a favor, and start at location 505.  That is the beginning of Sun Tzu's work, and will let you skip all of the introduction which is little more than the translator's story of this work.
The book is a shortened version. I thought this was the full version. Amazon let me return it with no issues. The book was in great condition and would have been perfect if it was the full version.
There's a reason this is a classic. However this copy ups it quite a bit by making the page font not to big but not trying to smash as must text together as possible; I found the read enjoyable. Great words of wisdom inside, but the quality of the book itself is top notch. It's cheap and shipped fast, which is great given COVID. Definitely add this to your book collection.
The delivery was quick & the book arrived in great condition (it was new). The Art of War: I have heard this book quoted often. It has some medium and some very interesting parts. Many broad generalizations. To apply it to business is malpractice (too Machivalian). It is a quick read and I recommend it just to be well rounded in a literary sense. I have heard it described as the ramblings of a retired General which seems accurate. I recommend reading it.
Made me want to go to war with my dog..... very informative and a great outlook on life
THIS BOOK IS NOT CLIF NOTES! This is The Art of War as written by Sun Tzu and translated to English. This version however does not include the commentary by the translator. There has been many versions of The Art of War translated into English over the years by many different people and all of them will vary in length. The bulk of the book that people are talking about is the sometimes 300+ pages of commentary by the translator and in some editions a 20+ page forword and sometimes a 60+ page introduction. This is the bare bones unabridged edition of The Art of War as written by Sun Tzu and translated into English. You are not missing any content from The Art of War itself. You are just missing (in my opinion) meaning was commentary from the translator and any forwards or introductions some versions may have. As far as Sun Tzu's writings they are fully intact.
Not really what I was expecting. If you want the cliff notes of a masterpiece so you can tell your friends you've read it, this is for you.  If you want the real thing, pay better attention than I did.
ISBN-13: 978-1599869773 I bought this book and it was seriously shorter than I thought. It is the book with a black cover and white font on it. It had absolutely no commentary or anything in it. Just the stuff by Sun Tzu. Still....it's so short! I guess for the price it makes sense. As for word choice in this particular book, Wikipedia had better translations of the chapters. For example, chapter 3 in the book is labeled, "Attack by Stratagem." It feels so clumsy compared to "Strategic Attack." With the amount of blank pages in the book(after every chapter), they could have easily filled in the original Chinese for side by side comparison. I probably would have just read this online. A paper copy is good to have around, but because the price is cheap, the book paper quality is cheap as well. There seems to be little effort in formatting too. The book is in an ubiquitous font like Times New Roman. This book simply did not fit my needs for the reasons above, and I will probably be searching for another book. However if you are looking to have a simple copy of The Art of War in paperback form, this is the right book for you.
Great book a lot of knowledge on how cut throat the world is
Definitely had some life lessons in here my favorite quote from the book “If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will succumb in every battle” Each chapter has a life lesson you can apply to your everyday life
The Art of War is "the book" for both military history buffs and would be business leaders since the principles and strategies outlined by Sun Tzu are applicable on the battle field and in the meeting room. That being said, I have read other versions of this book over the years and have always found something of interest, so when my college age daughter asked me about it we picked up this one for her Kindle. I was surprised when she said it was hard to follow so downloaded it to my Kindle, and I was shocked that Thomas Cleary went way over the top with his comments and analysis, bogging down the flow and relatively easy understand original language. In fact, it is the clear and simple way Sun Tzu expressed his "rules" that has made his book so popular and relevant for the past 2000 years or so. The solution is straight forward enough since the translation is good, all of the text is there and it is easy enough to skim through Mr. Cleary's contributions. Recommended, with the above caveats. CFH
I ordered this book for a Psychology class I was taking, so it was a required read. I actually ordered is via Amazon for Kindle. It was an easy read, nothing really to complex or difficult to understand. Basis of this book is that it was written in China over two thousand years ago, Sun Tzu's The Art of War provides the first known attempt to formulate a rational basis for the planning and conduct of military operations. His essays contain principles acted upon by such twentieth-century Chinese generals as Mao Zedong. The book is translated by the late Samuel B. Griffith. Samuel Griffith offers an insightful translation of this classic, which makes it even more relevant to the modern world. If you are taking a class and need the book or just want to brush up on your twentieth century military tactics, I suggest this book. I hope this review helps.
I thought it was gonna be a big book like the original scripture but i guess it's ok for a short read replica.
I haven't served in a military so I'm not qualified to comment on the quality of the analysis in this book.  However, according to Wikipedia, many military organizations and many successful generals have read and benefitted from this work.  Based on their reputations, I'll accord this classic the respect that it claims. Throughout the book, the author describes the morale and motivation of people and how it will affect what they actually do.  An army is not a collection of chess pieces or cardboard counters that behave according to some printed rules.  It's a group of humans that will fight, retreat, give up, or go crazy, depending on what they experience. I have to take off one star.  The free Kindle edition has an overly long introduction plus a large amount of in-body notes.  The in-body notes look way to similar to the text.  I want to read more of Sun Tzu's words, and more important, I want it obvious which words are Sun Tzu's and which are not.
Life handing you nothing but lemons? Need to get the upper-hand? Eager to learn how to walk that fine line that makes the difference between winning or losing? Then this is the book to read! Want to learn how to always come out on top--no fuss--no muss? Then READ THIS BOOK!  The "Art Of War" is a how-to-manual for difficult situations. Learn how to handle a situation without the situation handling you---learn how to handle a "situation" correctly. The wisdom in this book is solid, reliable--and---it works! You can apply the advice and wisdom in this book to so many dynamics in your life. So  much in life depends on success...............in fact what doesn't? Here's the how-to-manual. A bargain at any price. A wise investment, indeed. I'm giving it the thumbs-up!
Lessons from this book can help you in many facets of your life. Not just war... but that too!
There are a number of factors that make this book worthwhile, although not necessarily the ones I expected.  I thought this would be a metaphor for life or business, but its actually a pretty tactical book on the details of prosecuting a war.  Its one of those books that is so broadly read and studied that its pretty necessary background for studying wars generally.  If you are reading other books on war for example, you can be pretty sure that most of the players have been influenced by this book.  Further, there's just a lot of interesting advice in here, "There is no instance of a country having benefited from prolonged warfare" and thus there are instructions on how important it is to bring a conflict to a head and a swift conclusion.  Its a classic for a reason, and even if you don't find it compelling given the sheer number of people that have been influenced by it, it becomes a must read based on that alone.  I can certainly imagine I'll be quoting from this on multiple occasions.
If you have a thirst for knowledge (it is power) get this read it and read it again. I bought handful and just gave them away. First read it mid 90's in the ARMY, but when I came back to it in a different stage in life was able to apply it still. I forgot how helpful this book is. Stay blessed, stay ready.
4.5 Stars is misleading I should have looked more closely.  This is NOT the full book as others point out.  If you dig you can find that out from the listing but it's not immediately clear so it's deceitful.  All can be had for free with a simple Google search.
It is just a confusing translation, not really accurate, I read it before in other language and it had more context and content, so they may cut it out a little bit, also there are 10 principal rules written by Sun Tzu in the book they describe 13 just different, I don't like it.
The Art of War is required reading for U.S. Marine officers, so I wanted to get my own copy for my bookshelf. Of course, the best option would be to learn Chinese and study the original text. Short of that, a good translation is required. If Mr. Giles is a good translator, he's a horrible editor. This edition uses no style markings to denote what is from the original or what is editorial. As you can see by viewing the first few pages on this item's page, you can see that everything runs together. The reader can't possibly get a feel for the style or composition of the original because the entire text is peppered with commentary, not all of which is bracketed off by the the editor, and none of which is even set into its own area or paragraph. There are no footnotes, endnotes, or index. Keep looking if you're interested in reading Sun Tzu's masterpiece. I'll update this review when I've found an edition suitable for reading and recommending--this one is going back to Amazon today.
This book was an adequate copy. The book I received was the full length text, but chapter 10 and 6 were switched in the book for some reason though. Some of the translations were different from other publications of the book. I believe that this book does not read as well as some other publications because of the differences in phrasing, but this does not hurt the content of the text. Seems as if this publisher is a bit of a dice roll with what some of the other reviews are saying, but there does seem to be a positive trend.
You buy stuff cheap, that's what you get: cheap stuff. I think this was literally printed on standard bond print paper in 12 pt times new roman or something. more like a pamphlet than a book.
I was looking to reference the Art of War by Sun Tzu so I decided to order a copy. I must say that this is only a "Part" of the original, dare say a footnote of the original.  Very disappointed. Now I need to order a full copy of the book somewhere.... smh.
I watched a documentary about Sun Tzu and I decided to read the book. I didn't personally like the way this book is written it's all numbered and based on different topics and themes but overall the content of this book is gold. One of my favorite find from the book was: Let your rapidity be that of the wind and your compactness that of the forest!
Don't buy, it's a weird fake abbreviated version, check the other reviews if you don't believe me.
This should be removed from the store -- it's clear this version was auto-generated, either badly auto-translated or generated using synonyms from an existing translation (to avoid copyright issues), it's literally junk and doesn't make sense Sample sentence: "the high-quality issue of all is to take the enemy's united states of america entire and intact." Really bugs me that Amazon allows this kind of thing to slide, very frustrating.
This book is better than the Bible. This book is older than the Bible. This book is the Bible of War. The ancient, practical advise imparted in this book is still relevant today and is applicable to every instance of human competition: known your enemy as you know yourself, develop a strategy, vary your tactics, strength is in unity, and plan in secrecy. I looked for one good man amongst a million, but I could not find one good woman: spies.
Its a good book got this for my boyfriend because hes a man and hes easily influenced he heard a pod cast guy say its a good book bought this book for him as a valentines gift amd read before handing it over its an easy ready not long finished it in a day
The Kindle version of the book is missing spaces between words.  With this deficiency layered on the author's frequent bracketed interjections, footnotes and cross-page references, addition of numerous names and locations, the core message is all but unintelligible for me as a first time reader of the Art of War and novice in Chinese history and historical geography.  The author seeks to improve upon previous translations by pulling the best from each, adding his own, and contextualizing.  This noble purpose may have backfired because I am leaving this version of the book feeling I should have read Tu Mu's version, which the author quoted frequently and which seems lucid and easy to understand.
Nowhere in the description did it state that this was not the full work. I feel duped. DO NOT RECOMMEND !
Everyone should read this book. I have revisited this book many times over the years, and am always glad I did. A lot of lessons to be learned. And while I don't find myself at 'War' often, there are amazing lessons here that can be applied to everyday interactions that just about everyone of us find ourselves in. It's well worth your time to read this book.
Art of War is an ancient Chinese text on the practice of warfare, both physical and psychological. While much of the treatise is metaphorical in expression, with a little critical thinking the axioms of warfare are true in many aspects of life. This edition includes many annotations which relate the expressions to other Chinese texts on martial activities and commentaries on the manuscript itself, which can be helpful in understanding the metaphors. When reading, one should bear in mind that while the text particularly relates to warfare, the values which are promulgated therein can be readily applied to principles of business, multiple levels of security, and personal life.
A very abridged version of the writings. Lots of lists of the key points. Good as a quick reference but not the fully written out philosophy.  Sort of the "Cliff Notes" version, not that makes it bad.
Sunzi was renowned for his battle strategies and philosophies. His writing are among the classics of must read art of warfare around today regardless of how many thousands of years old it may be. This book provide readers with the understanding of war, how to attack and enemy and how to defeat an enemy. I am a warrior at heart and in practice I work in a field of enforcement so knowing my enemy and well as knowing myself is a real philosophy. Keep my friends close and my enemies closer another aspect of this war masters doctrine.
Don’t let the 1 star reviews scare you. This is the complete addition. Sun tzu wrote on chop sticks so it is written like little words of wisdom. It’s not a traditional book that is going to teach you how to win a war. If the reader is looking for wisdom, you will find wisdom in this book.
Review is for this edition, which is made to order. Several typos and spacing issues. The translation leaves a bit to be desired, but since theres not a lot of printing info its hard to that being said. It was produced professionally at a notably low price for a new book.  Was a superior reading experience than printing the text offline and reading that way. Recommended for anyone who wants to bust through a common classic text. For me its a primer for pursuing an older edition.
This book is OK.  Font is large enough and reading is easy.  I guess I got spoiled because I had a different version of the book with Samuel B. Griffith, but gave it away a few years back in a "purge" of my shelves.  I shouldn't have let that one go:  it's a gem.  All you get with this one is the bare-bones translation of the script. It is, however, much less expensive.  I am glad I read the other book I mentioned with the background material and analysis.  The original script is an ancient writing, in Chinese, and a little difficult to understand without some background or comment.  I suggest that if you want to understand the meanings of Sun Tzu more fully, buy the other book.
I've been reading and re-reading The Art of War for several years! I can see I will continue to read it over and over. So much to learn in a way you can't forget it
I wish this book was longer. I only feel kind of prepared for war. If Sun Tzu put more effort into writing this book, I might be better suited for wars. It was still a good purchase though. No regerts. 5 stars. Must read. NY Times bestseller fo sho.
as all the top reviews state, this is not a full text of the Art of War, and the advertising is extremely misleading in this sense. Who would order a book just to read a summary? I managed to cancel my purchase, but I am confused about how the average review appears to be 4+ stars, yet all the reviews I am reading are one star, and the positive reviews are just people saying how much they love the Art of War, not mentioning this specific product. Very misleading.
The book arrived sooner than expected so was able to add it to the birthday gifts for the 8 year old grandson. Since he is all about playing with military toys and mounting pretend battles. This will be a great  addition to the basic principles he'll learn from the  BABY (which is really fine for kids to age 10 or so) version of The Art of War which he can read and understand now.
Not the full book! Very misleading as this book appears to have carried over the reviews from the actual book. This one is literally 27 pages.
This is a review for the Kindle edition, which is formatted perfectly well with the lists and punctuation all in place and the illustrations coming out viewable and intelligible on both my iPad and Kindle Touch (1st gen). Sun Tzu's Art of War is a timeless classic with much of its philosophy still applicable, if not all of its strategies, as geography is not much an issue in modern warfare, although many are still disturbingly accurate against the tests of time. This is a must have for every Kindle-owner and is something everyone should read once in their lives.
Written centuries ago, this book is the general guide for every situation we will encounter in life; not only at war. In simple words it will show you why so many military campaigns have failed such as Vietnam or to be more current the war on the Middle East, which is drying our economy dry (besides the housing market crash). Actually, think of the Art of War, as the art of fighting everyday challenges and our personal wars and conflicts. Every person in the government, every teacher, every student, every household must read this book and keep it close as a reference whenever we don't know how to proceed with difficult decisions or challenges.
not the whole book and does not tell you thats its not the full book
Wow! This is not only about war, but you can apply this to almost any endeavor and learn how to win consistently. It teaches you that winning is mostly about preparation, planning, teamwork, and above all, knowing both yourself and your opponent. It does not just say these things, it also tells you the how and the why, with examples.  Be aware this is a translation from ancient Chinese, so the translator has inserted notes about the difficulty of translating the true meaning of certain passages.  However, in all he does a great job.  This is the book that ALL great generals have read. Charge on!
This book is not only a great read about military strategies but about how to keep house in your life and business.
This is NOT the version of ART OF WAR that most people are searching for.  Perhaps Amazon should include a page count in the description.  This version is more like a pamphlet with a glossy cover.  The information is very simple translation of military strategy taken from ancient text.  Nothing contained in these pages pertain to the life of a modern day person.  If that's what you are seeking...find a different version.
Flipping through it I glean bits and pieces of an organized mind. I can easily understand why this book has existed for more than 2000 years. My intention is to read it a little at a time so that I absorb some of the philosophy. I am not interested in war but I am interested I how men think and plan, this should be an excellent guidebook.
I have managed to wear out several printed copies of Sun Tzu over the years. While the book IS about war--about forming and implementing strategies, and drawn from real life experience, Sun Tzu's lessons can be applied effectively in any life situation involving 2 or more people--the more adversarial, the better LOL. Sun Tzu has stood by me through thick and thin--his sage advice has made a big difference in my personal approach to business deals, handling employees, dealing with various professionals from a subservient position--even dealing with pushy doctors and controlling ex spouses. Sun Tzu is about LIFE. Because like it or not, life isn't fair, it isn't always fun, and some times--you need to be able to be assertive without being aggressive, and you have to be willing to be adversarial to get what you need. This is a worthwhile read for ANYONE--both from an advice and tactics point of view, AND for the clarity of style, turn of phrase, and excellent use of metaphor. I have yet to run into a BAD translation of Tzu, and this one was no exception.
This is considered a long time classic.  Rightfully so.  It is a book with many interpretations and you will take away the ones you see as useful to your situation.  That being said more of the concepts may apply.  Sun Tzu wrote this book about matters he considered serious so even being a short book by today's standards it applies to important matters (it is read and studied a most major military higher training facilities the world over.)  The applications are not just military but can be applied to any situation where there is a conflict between two entities.
I downloaded this book for my son.  He is a gamer.  He thought it would help him and he is constantly testing lessons learned.  I think this is an awesome book for kids that can't stay away from a gaming console for more than a few minutes.  I wish there were more books that could get my kids to read voluntarily.
My bad for not reading the description... this thing is just a little pamphlet buddy to the actual real version that i see that i still need to buy... 5$ for this...not even worth the price of return shipping.lol. whatever...
I like the thin profile of this book, it's got nice thicker pages and doesn't get all bent up in the corners. The content is legendary and will give you insight to anything you do in life, work, or play.
Cheap and quick in it's arrival. Now for the book you should read it as there is some advice that applies to everyone even if they aren't competing or going to war.
A book of war strategy -- "The Art of War", which was written in China 2,500 years ago, by the Chinese General SUN TZU. I was introduced to this book in martial arts studies and later was again introduced to the book in business as a tool for planning business strategy. Examples Know the Enemy This is the first of SUN TZU's rules for successful warfare. Know Yourself The second part of SUN TZU's rule is to know yourself-- strengths and weaknesses Presented this book to business friends and martial artist. Have two hardback and this Kindle Copy--- enjoy......cas
Should have seen the number of pages mentioned in the description.  It's not a full book,  it's a summary.  How deceptive!!!
I should have read the reviews before I got this. I am the only one to blame. Don't buy this expecting the big book. 👎
This short book takes a primer approach to being a general and leader in "war".  I can't see how it would be an essential element of turning anyone into a successful general.  You can learn most of the basic lessons presented by Sun Tzu by playing "war" or "cowboys & indians" in the mountains of Pennsylvania.  If you had a deprived childhood (your Mom & Dad kept guns away from you and did not allow you to play "violent" childhood games), I recommend you read the book and pay attention to basic tactics and the value of planning and using all available resources.  Because it is short and instructional it should be a quick read and worth your time (even if you read it only to satisfy your curiosity).  I was a bit disappointed, given the hype of the book.  The general repeats himself and often makes a big deal of the obvious. If you want to become the next General Macarthur or General Patton, make better use of your time and look elsewhere.  If you think there is a need for another Napolean type, then maybe this would be a good start.  If you are still curious, have the time, & a couple of bucks, buy it and read it.
I should've read product description before buying I would've found that the book here is 60 pages and just a gist of the original, wouldn't recommend buying
This book is a good tool for former and present leaders. No matter the environment whether in a business or any other functional set up, like hospitals, profit and non profit organizations, private or public industry, war is everywhere and is always restless.
The ideas presented in Sun Tzu's Art of War are still applicable to the 21st century.  Reading Sun Tzu's words can open your mind to what life presents to us on a daily basis.  Taking that statement one step further - we have to become cognizant to our surroundings. environment and the people in our circle of friends or colleagues at work.  Rereading the Art of War will give you a deeper insight and understanding of the meaning behind the words.  Once you open yourself - many things only become clear.  You might say - food for thought.
Great book,  however the formatting of this version is terrible.  The first 300 pages are unorganized and poorly written analyses of the art of War.  Moreover, this version is devoid of the fancy bells and whistles features in other e-books such as; a table of contents, hyperlinks,  etc. If you'd like to get to the actual Sun Tzu text open this ebook and do a search on your kindle for "I.  Laying " without the quotation marks. Other than the aforementioned problems this is an exact replica of the Giles translation of the art of War. (you get what you pay for)
Because of the illustrations I downloaded The Art of War to the Kindle Fire HD.  Quite pleased with the presentation and the formatting. As for the text of the book itself, there is little that can be said that has not been said.  This is a must read book for everyone, and I especially recommend it for late teens or college students.  Although Sun Tzu was actually describing war, this book is easily understood in terms of life in general and great for business majors.
If you are in politics, business or the military you will find the thoughts of General Sun Tzu quite enlightening and useful in strategy and tactics.  The unfortunate thing for military folks is that "civilians" and generals in a building thousands of miles away from the danger have far too much say in the actions on the battlefield and reveal that they obviously have no knowledge of General Tzu's teachings, which if employed could save lives and shorten wars. A quick and easy read at a reasonable price.
I was glad to finally read this book, however I was burdened with so much history and "back-story" as to who Sunzi was, if in fact he existed.  There seemed to be about 33% of the book in setting up of who Sunzi was before we read his first line of teachings. It is great to read his teachings, but all the setup seems unnecessary and somewhat irritating.  I already had a pretty good idea about Sunzi and strictly wanted to read his teachings.  I think, in short, his teachings could be written in a handful of pages and one could interpret from there, but that is not the case with this version. I would still recommend this friends and family, but it would come with a strong warning about the setup and the seemingly constant commentary, which distracted me from really enjoying his teachings.
So... Just so you know. Remember, anyone can review any product on Amazon, and for the most part few actually review the product itself. This particular eBook is thick with in-depth information on Art of War and its author. It takes about 3 chapters to even begin to reach the chapter. First a discussion of Sun Tsu's existence, then of the books existence, then of the 13 critics that will be interjected as you read the book. And the interjections don't wait till the end or are footnoted, they're put wherever and however long need be. It's not bad, in fact, it's really informative; but I just wanted the 13 chapters. If you think you'd be apply to just push through the square bracket passages be ready for a real challenge. I'd want to rate it 1 to offset the other ratings but this 'edition' isn't that bad, just not what was expected.
I took the course a long time ago.  This is THE BEST synopsis I have come across.  If you study this little book it will open almost any door for you and allow you to WIN easily.  It may be applied to business, sports and personally if you follow the principles set forth in this easy to read and understand strategy.
Reads like a long series of sometimes insightful and sequential, topically organized fortune cookies on the art of war. Still going thru it. Not exactly a book you can't put down.
Easy to read Great content Highly recommended. Can use these strategies at modern workplaces
This is the book people leaving the comfort of home to go into the real world.  This book is where military and industry management education begins the world over. Redundant but also if you read about the time frame and the history of that part of the world you will see how well the idea works. This book illustrates how going forward is done if getting the job done is all that matters.  If you also read books on world leaders and military leaders you will see how they applied the process.
the book was in good condition and a nice price to boot. it came in a timely fashion as well
Didn’t realize it came in two books. No big deal at all!
The narration for Sun Tzu's Art of War by Tantor Abridged is excellent. It does more than justice to the original novel, and even provides side notes of interesting commentary by other historically significant characters (generals, warlords and others who have noted on the word of Sun Tzu) and even accounts of real battle applications. Definitely worth the price. I enjoyed every minute of this work, and even as a less-than-avid reader, it was a very enjoyable experience.
Not the full length book. This shouldn’t have 4.5 stars at all
It's amazing to think that someone so long ago, without the access to study legions of greats before him could have so many practical ideas that would truly stand the test of time (referring to the fact that he would become one of the greats and was born before major "peers" in Europe or elsewhere would even be born). What some say about being able to use his ideas in other areas, like business, is a legitimate claim, as the ideas are about beating an enemy, not specifically about how to win a war on th  battlefield. Must-read for any student of history, military or otherwise, and those in the business world wanting to learn a couple tricks to get a leg-up.
thought I was getting the Thomas Cleary Edition.  Nope.  Not happy.
The book Art of War written by Sun Tzu is military treasure trove of military tactics.  This is a stunning display of 13 chapters that were written over 2500 years.  The chapters in this book describe one of the world's greatest general's philosophy on war and strategy. The book discusses different ways to command troops and the pitfalls associated with war.  Sun Tsu states that the faster your troops move, the more troops are lost in the process.  The author's philosophy here is to show that more careful planning to military strategy will save lives and hopefully achieve success on the battlefield. The Art of War can be applied to life in general and not just military tactics.  Taking one's time in planning will lead to less strife, fewer problems, and reaching one's goals.  This book is a great read for anyone interested in military strategy and philosophy.  I highly recommend it!
this is a great handbook to own, it will teach you the importance of how and when to fight your battles, but more importantly..how to pick the ones you want to fight. you will know the difference. and if you follow these simple guidelines, you will succeed.
This is a great book on Chinese history and the basic principles to the strategy of war. It is the words of the great general Sun Tzu from the Warring States Period in ancient China (around 400b.c.). This is particular edition is very clear and precise, however short. It is the bare basics and a great intro to other higher level editions, as well as books on warfare. I would recommend reading every line over until you grasp what Sun Tzu was trying to say. I would also think it beneficial if you followed up reading a more through edition, perhaps the 2005 hard cover edition of The Illustrated Art of War by Samuel Griffith, followed by The Art of Warfare by Sun Tzu's descendant Sun Pin (Sun Bin). In short, this is a great, easy to learn, piece of Chinese literature that is a great intro to the philosophy of warfare which can be applied to everyday life and leadership.
Don't buy. Wish i read a single review before buying. Didn't think I'd have to check the reviews to know if this was the right book. Cliff notes version but doesn't state that anywhere.
This crap is the equivalent to a high schooler book report based on a YouTube video of someone paraphrasing the book from memory. Amazon should be ashamed to sell this crap. And the cost to ship it back is more than I paid for it.
Sun Tzu's maxims and insights are timeless.  Centuries after it was written, The Art of War is required reading for warriors and still taught as part of the central curriculum at military academies around the world.  The insights are timeless, on point, focused, and delivered with a no-nonsense clarity that translates to tactical and operational success.  It is a must read for any serious student of warfare and history, for every soldier, and for those that wish to understand them.
Looks and feels like a school notebook. Bad quality.
Good for a short version  Chapter 9 was missing from my copy.
This version is the 12 chapters without the lengthy introductions.
When you interpret what is said it all makes sense. I did a quick read and then went back and re-read will be a great reference book. You could use the information in war or business it's all in how you use it
Book looks cheaply made, but it also is super cheap, so no surprise there. It’s free online, I should have probably just done that.
Quality and translation are reasonable, I think. There's one chapter out of order, which is certainly a mistake and weird, but not super bad. No prologue, no epilogue: nothing but the main text and index. All in all, for the $4 I paid for it, pretty OK.
This book contains only Sun Tzu's original thoughts on war and does not have any comentary added about his observations.  It does not paraphrase or compare it to business models or any other inspirational theme.  I enjoyed the plain information and reading this man's observations and deductions about how to win a war was very interesting and gave me lots of insights into humans and war. Quite recommended just for the concepts provided.
A great reference book! Would recommend.
A book everyone must read at least once in their life. A great teaching of life, business, and self.
There are works that you must read or cannot consider yourself as educated.  this is one of those authors who has been translated many times into almost every language, so weather this translation or others, the author Sun Tzu or Sunzi, however you pronounce the ideogram;  produced in a few chapters one of the seminal works on conflict and one of the oldest works on the subject that is as relevant today as it was when it was written.
Normal Quality for paperback. I would recommend to purchase Art of War with experts comments on them
this book is a steal i dont care about the negative reviews talking about editions and nitpicking and what not this is a great price and also the best looking cover to any art of war book out there simplistic and impacting very appealing and at a very veryyy affordable price i havent read it yet but i know what to expect i suggest buying it you really have nothing to lose
This is only the summary, not the actual book.
Appears to be the same version that appears under multiple different entries when you search for 'The Art of War' on Amazon. Doesn't appear to be full text and there are noticeable typos (note heading numbered '5, 6' under 'Laying Plans' - if you scroll through you'll see this in numerous versions of the book on the Amazon results).
The book is solid. I can see why so many people recommend reading it. There are a lot of basic points, but it is nice to see from such a point of view. I received and read this book all in one day. It is not very long.
This is my first time purchasing The Art of War by Sun Tzu, but realize now that I should have read the reviews first!  Great price, but wasn't expecting Cliff notes version of the book.  On the flip side of that, I can't say I'm terribly dissatisfied because I'm sure I'll enjoy the knowledge it offers.  Although, next time I'll be sure to read reviews first!
While this book deals with the subject of war, it may be aplicable to daily life and business. Of course with regard to life and business the goal must be to prevail without brutality and killing. This book also showes that war should always be a last option because once engaged it must be fought with all the brutality man can concieve. Simply put don't go to war unless you mean to prevail. If you engage you must be prepaired to do all that is necessary to win. A must read for our polititians! Not an easy read.
The Art of War is a compendium of the military experience and wisdom of Sun Tzu, which is an honorific given to the author, Sun Wu. It was written over two millennium ago. Naturally there are varying theories and disputes as to who actually wrote it, and which version is correct. There is also the matter of the proper translation. The one I read was translated by Lionel Giles in 1910. It is one of the most, if not the most influential text on military strategy and tactics. Mao Zedong, Vo Nguyen Giap and Douglas MacArthur are only three of the many military leaders who credit the importance of Sun Tzu work in guiding their thinking. It remains an essential "textbook" at the military colleges in the United States, and is also required reading in the CIA. I finally decided to read this classic in search of a specific quote that I had been told was from Sun Tzu's work, and which I had had some personal experience with: "Never fight on a battlefield that resembles an inverted tortoise shell."  I didn't find the quote, but perhaps I found the opposite. At least the tortoise shell reference SOUNDS like something he might have said. The author did grab my attention with an anecdote in the introduction which underscored one of his aphorisms: "If words of command are not clear and distinct, if orders are not thoroughly understood, the general is to blame. But if his orders are clear, and the soldiers nevertheless disobey, then it is the fault of their officers." In the anecdote, it is women who are divided into two sides, each led by one of the emperor's favorite concubines. Because they could not maintain proper discipline among their "troops," each of the concubines is beheaded, despite the protests of the emperor. It should be no surprise that their replacements achieved perfect discipline within the ranks, and Sun Tzu, who proclaimed the army ready, had the temerity to rebuke the emperor with: "The King is only fond of words, and cannot translate them into deeds." (How often such a speaker, in the real world, can keep his own head is not discussed in the text.) There is much wisdom in this text. For example: "All warfare is based on deception." "There is no instance of a country having benefited from prolonged warfare." On a good leader: "Hence his ability to pick out the right men and to utilize combined energy." And one that Vo Nguyen Giap must have taken to heart: "Do not repeat the tactics which have gained you one victory, but let your methods be regulated by the infinite variety of circumstances." (that is, he did not repeat the tactics that led to victory at Dien Binh Phu by repeating them at Khe Sanh; instead he went for Saigon, and the American public via television) As for that "inverted tortoise shell," the one passage that seemed closest to addressing this issue seemed to imply the opposite: "Pass quickly over mountains, and keep in the neighborhood of valleys." And, "Camp in high places, facing the sun. Do not climb heights in order to fight. So much for mountain warfare." (Certainly Giap seemed to have disregarded that one). And there seems to be that "classic problem" of all too many "holy" books. There are passages that imply "this", and passages that imply the opposite of "this."  For example, on the all-important matter of logistics and supply, Sun Tzu says:  "Bring war material with you from home, but forage on the enemy," and "Hence a wise general makes a point of foraging on the enemy. One cartload of the enemy's provisions is equivalent to twenty of one's own."  But on the other hand: "We may take it then that an army without its baggage-train is lost, without provisions it is lost; without bases of supply it is lost." There is much good advice that seems to be routinely ignored, despite its place in the curriculum, such as the emphasis on short, decisive wars and the repeated admonitions to know the enemy. Conversely, there are the passages that can be chosen to buttress one argument, and others to buttress the counter-argument. Overall, 4-stars.
This is not what you are looking for. (68 total pages) More akin to a booklet, you're better off finding a free pdf version than paying money for this overblown brochure
This book is an easy read for me and the book is very interesting.
Seriously simple read that will help you whether the need arises to lay siege to a walled city or the normal day to day confrontations we all have.  It's really a book of proverbs on who is likely to win a battle and why.  Whatever those battles are.
Only a 3 start because the book looks bigger in the pictures lol but meh it's nice
This is more a historians review of various works related to Sunzi. The first few parts are interesting, while latter parts of the book goes flat latter on with lines of wisdom, wit, and paragraphs trying to give meaning and intelligence to those lines.
If you are in to this type of book... highly recommended! Shipped and received quickly too.
I got this for my husband and he really enjoyed reading it. It is exactly what the title says it is. It's a classic and that is why my husband wanted it. The price on this book is great. It a nice binding for as inexpensive as it is. If you are looking for a short classic about ancient war strategies this book will fit that need.
A terrible condensed version. It reads like a college student's study notes.
This book is a fine distillation of skill gleaned from vast experience on the field of battle. Much of the instruction revolves around actually avoiding battle and the carnage of war. It has become an inspiration and map for building strategy in managing people. It seems to me when words passed down through many generations remain relevant, those words have attained greatness.
words to live by in this cut throat corporate world, as well as every day dealings with the people around us,Never be taken advantage of,Always have the upper hand,be in a position of command & control. General Sun Tzu is a visionary way ahead of his time !
Sun Tzu and "The Art of War," is a must read for any person who battles. If you know someone you call friend who has not read "The Art of War." it is your duty to get them a copy of the book. There is more to a fight than the fist or weapon. It all starts in the mind of one or more beings. An ancient lesson; uncontrolled anger against a real or imagined enemy is what will destroy us long before the foe.
It's an abridged version
Not the full length book. Nothing in the description says this is a short summary of the actual book. Very disappointed
Short about 60 pages  with various saying from sun tzu
This is not the book. I thought it was the book.
Worked as a gag gift for a friend, but wasn't nearly the whole works of the Art of War. Don't buy this.
The translation in this copy is awful, but shame on me for purchasing a $3 copy. There are instances when the publisher fails to translate the Chinese, and instead includes the phonetic spelling of the Chinese character. I think that ought to give you a flavor for how this reads. Terrible.
This is easily the best book on strategy and war that I have.  The format is good enough for me.  A must have in every collection.
Great read i enjoyed this book
Shipped quickly and arrived in perfect shape.
One of the best books for anyone to read for almost any reason. The Art of War has many teachings and life lessons for every single person that only can aid in your journey through life.
This is a great "pocket" version of "The Art of War"- there are no notes or additional interpretations, so it is not a scholarly study of the text, it is simply Sun Tzu's words in one compact document.
I have listened to this book on audible but I did purchase this book just for reference. This book is a powerful book!
We as humans have been killing each other for centuries... The author just refined the process of how to best do it in his time... Well done.
Arrived on time in perfect condition. I only gave the product four stars because its a very thin book in person. I always thought that it was thicker, like a novel. This version is quite thin and seems like a book of lists of Sun Tzu's teachings. I bought this book so I could have a copy of my own, even though my dad has one. His is much more novel-like. Maybe one is revised or rewritten or something, but I wish I knew if this one is truly authentic, not revised.
One of the classic treatises on managing ultimate human conflict. You don't read this for entertainment. But if you are in any way involved in a battleground, whether it's on a real battlefield with real weapons, or in an office with only words and deeds as your weapons, you'll learn more about how to prevail.
This is someone's interoperation  of the text I wanted a Complete translation DELETED from Kindle!!
I think everyone in general should read this book. Great book for understanding war strategy and can definitely be applied to everyday life.
I had heard of the book for decades, but as part of a political strategy group was required to read it.  While I strongly believe in the virtues and power of Love and Forgiveness, in nearly every endeavour it is important to know whom you may be working for or against.  In politics, being prepared and understanding your opponents weaknesses is vital.  This is a short book and packed with wisdom.
Whether you like learning or prepping for the end of days, this book is a treasure worthy sharing through the ages.
Good product.
Read this book and it changed my live in 2013! Bought it because I read it from the Library! Taoism and eastern philosophy has the greatest approach to the battle within!
It would be foolish for someone to claim superior knowledge over the author of this treatise of tactics and wisdom in the Art of War. Sun Tsu has been studied for centuries now and to date there has been no one that has been able to best perhaps the move brilliant tactician of all time. Though the book is relatively short, within it's pages is a treasure trove of knowledge IF the reader can and will apply the lessons of this Master of all things War.
This guy was light years ahead of his time. His battles depended on mostly tactics based on what the weather conditions were, and what form of territory and environment you're in, and to ration your army's energy during a battle, and when to fight and when not to.  (It's a damn good thing that Hitler didn't do his homework on this.) And basically show that the rules of war is, was, and always will be, BS. His tactics are still put to good use even to this very day, thou it's original intention was for future wars, but it's put into practice for other means. For instance, football coaches, company managers, even the great Bobby Fisher took a  few tips from this guy's book. So in retrospect, technology and engineering may have completely obliterated the dynamics of the rules of war, but the art is still the same.
While this is a treaties, and not a novel like the Amazon prompts treats it; it should be said that Sunzi or Tsun Zu depending on the translation, is an extremely complex and pragmatic writer. His views on war influenced all the great leaders of the last 300 years and I would wager that it would be the last 1000 years (but I couldn't prove it).
This book has been around for 1000 years. It's on everybody's Must Read list.
How about putting in the details that’s it’s not the full text. What a scam.
A classic of strategy for approaching difficult decisions. Also helps explain some parts of Chinese thinking of strategy.
Not the full length
I like it; straight to the point. It explains the aspects of war and how to apply tactics! Some information can be applied to everyday life.
Wonderful book. Clean covert. Came quickly with no issues. Highly recommend this read
It was a dollar. Why not
A classic to read, cheap to pick up, and printed nicely in this book.
I read this over the weekend and I found it very though provoking. Several of the laws made me think about current affairs. Perhaps our leaders should read it.
I liked this book must read
Must read. It’s helped me in my profesional life, a lot.
When I first sought out this book I did so because it seems to be everywhere. Everyone seems to have either read it or knows someone very close who has. It is in several movies and television shows; the list goes on. So I told myself, "I need to read this just to see what it is," and when it arrived I was surprised. The book is incredibly smaller than I would have ever predicted, but this is not to say it is void of content. It seems to me to have been written in such a way as to avoid any irrelevant information. Without quoting or divulging its 'secrets,' The Art of War is a unique tool for looking into the strategic mind of the past, and for improving/refining/solidifying your own theory.
This book is a treasure Everyone should read it
Mostly common sense but still worth the read!
Excellent book if you like poignant summaries from one of the world’s greatest tacticians. I gave it to my son for his 13th birthday and he loves it.
Best book out there for your private and professional life.I cannot  be as ruthless but I can spot a ruthless person.  this book taght me how to deal with them and not become one of them.  A must read for any female
I purchased this book because I wore out my 1st one. Love the book.
Good Book
The book is smaller than I expected, in that it feels like a children's book in my hands.  It's well made, but if you're expecting a full size book, don't order this one!
Interesting book. I know it's a classic and wanted to find out what made it such. A lot of sound basic common-sense ideas about how a war should be fought, but overall it wasn't the inspiration I expected. But worth a read.
Read for the 7th time. Sun Tzu's Art of War is one of those world's finest classic literatures that marks and influences those who will challenge themselves to read this military treatise. It discusses tactics and strategies in military affairs, that are implicitly related and indirectly applied to the fields of business affairs, human psychology, management, ancient history, military sciences, politics, anatomy of organizations in conflicts, and the likes. Classics remain classics not because they were written in the ancient times; they were called classics because they continue to have meanings - different meanings when read in different circumstances and moods. They become more useful as we use them, therefore we grow wiser with them. Understanding Sun Tzu's treatise is understanding ancient methods of resolving conflicts, handling battles, and hailing to the great spiritual tradition of Taoism.
Every survival expert, and survivalist should have a copy of this book in their bunker. The principals of supply, transportation, and victory are contained in the pages of this book.  While translated to modern language, the essence is clear that the Art of War is an old profession, but if followed and adhered to, will allow anyone the chance for final victory.
Easy read for history and military people
Don’t waste your time buying this; you won’t find much that’s relevant for today.  Even if you are a military person, the info in this is for centuries gone by.
A must read for anyone interested in warfare and how it is waged.  How battles are won and lost.  Highlights the importance of intelligence.  What Sunzi wrote so long ago holds true for today's warriors.
Great new
the bible of war. literally. there's the bible, a treatise on which the foundations of man's quest for faith is built, and the art of war, the manual for defeating your enemy yet securing your place at God's feet as the meek who will inherit the earth. Defeating your enemy before the battle ensues, and is so much applicable today as it was 2000 years ago when it was written ( i might be off by a year or 2)
So this is more like a notes book, not the actual book. Has a good summary of your trying to write a paper. Maybe I didn’t read the discription correctly.
Exactly what it says it is.
Tons of important typos and poor translations
Quick read it’s great
Confusing, does not appear to be the full version.
I got this in great condition. I enjoyed reading this and learning about how significant this writing has been in ancient times and in modern times. I had this delivered in a timely manner too.
This book was recommended to me by none other than Greg Berhrendt via his former podcast Walking The Room. I love it so much! It’s so different than what I was expecting in a great way! Thanks Greg!
I was wondering what the BIG DEAL of this book was. Many business people have read it and address it as a business book. I found it free on amazon and of course, I downloaded it. Boy! Am I glad I did. The beginning was a bit scary for me. Let me not spoil it for you, but if you read it, you will understand why. For those on business, get this right: if the vision and mission of the organization are clear, but the members or employees are not acting accordingly, the leadership is to blame, and MUST be FIRED, or maybe worse...
I very much loved the transcriptions of Sun Tzu, and the design of the book and format was appealing. However, there were some translation issues (which were mildly excusable and expected), but there were also some punctuation issues. This is a very fascinating read, and the few flaws this version has are excusable for the cheap price of 4.00$.
I'll start off by saying that this Kindle version has quite a few typos, which is the only reason I granted it 4 stars. The book itself, however, deserves 5 stars. Although it was written for an entirely different era, it's still modernly applicable in the art of strategic thinking. In addition, being someone who is fond of lists, I loved the writing style of the book. It was short, sweet, and didn't waste any time getting right to the point.
There's like 100s of editions of the Art of War!  It's difficult to figure out which ones are 'legit'.  My particular edition (yellow book with red and black yin yang) was one of the fakes.
This book rips.
Nowhere does it say it's the footnotes version of the book. It's condensed down to 60 pages of proverbs with context taken out.
Iwas a little disappointed when I opened this book. This is not one of the better published translations that are available, however, taking into account the purchase price, I will just add it to my library as a variant copy.
The product description is misleading as it doesn’t mention that this isn’t the ACTUAL book. This version does not contain full text. Look elsewhere if you want to purchase The Art of War. It was my mistake for not being more wary of the low price and not looking into the page count.
Misspelled words, grammatical errors and difficult layout  abound in the kindle edition.  Very distracting.
If you never read another book, read this!
This is a classic book that I heard about and wanted to read.  It's a very interesting book with interesting principles and strategies.
Great
The book is short but interesting. It's written in the style of bullet points. It's not hugely practical for today's times, but it is very interesting to see the wisdom of someone from 1,500 years ago and the guidance they gave to deal with war in their time.
There is so much interesting information in this small book, and it is such a good guide to strategy. The strategies can be extrapolated to help in problem-solving, although we are not always at war, of course. It is a great thought-provoking text for dealing with difficult situations and finding out-of-the-box solutions. It encourages creative solutions.
This is a wonderful book, it is about so much more than war...it's really about life and people. I highly recommend it to anyone that deals with people, that want a new understanding of the world and how people fit within it.
Having heard so much about Sun Tzu and his wisdom, I was prepared for something much better.  His writing might impress someone with no experience in the field, but for those who have a general knowledge of the outdoors and warfare, it is not very enlightening. What makes it particularly disappointing to me is the fact that he contradicts himself so many times.  It would seem that the whole idea is to impress people with his wisdom rather than actually impart anything of any real value. There is some good advice, but nothing that is much above the common sense of an American Eagle Scout and most of the successes are simply the result of deception and ruthlessness. Something that is repeated several times is the fact that trying to fight a war in faraway places can be very expensive and difficult.  Considering the fiascoes of Korea and Vietnam, we should already know this by bitter experience!  So other than a few examples of deception and trickery, I really did not see a lot of military expertise in his accomplishments. One of the things that I disliked the most about the book, was that it is printed in a font so small that it is very hard on the eyes.  All in all, I don't feel the book was worth the small price I paid for it.
A concise book filled with timeless insight regarding both war and life.
It's only around 60 pages. It doesn't indicate that anywhere. Don't buying you want the full version.
Always...
Wtf!? Short version summary. nowhere in the description does it say it's a cliff note of the actual book.
Great accompaniment when learning to play chess.
The Art of WAR IS A QUICK READ BUT A MORE DIFFICULT STUDY. MY GOAL WAS TO FIND PARALLELS IN THE BOOK THAT I COULD RELATE TO BUSINESS AND PLEASURE. I FIND MYSELF REREADING SECTIONS OF THE BOOK TO SEE IF THERE IS A STRATEGY TO A CURRENT LIFE CHALLENGE. SOMETIMES THERE IS, MORE OFTEN I DO NOT FIND THE STRATEGY. THAT IS WHEN I USE TRUE LIFE EXPERIENCES. I WILL MOST LIKELY READ IT SEVER MORE TIMES DURING THE COMING YEAR.
Love it
book
This book is one that you read over and over.  Always some new comes to light as you reread.  Should be on a need to read list at college level and a must for all military people.
first off. it is VERY thin and not a long read. it's not quite the "philosophical masterpiece" i thought it would be. it was still an interesting read with SOME interesting points. i believe that Sun Tzus views are more mainstream in asia, but to me(an american) they didn't quite click. Buy it if you would like to see different view points of a collectivist culture, it was an interesting read.
An interesting read.
Great price and a perfect stocking stuffer🌲
It's one of those books you have to read. Sure, it's been summarized a thousand times, interpreted in a thousand ways, and twisted around in quotes forever, but it's one of those things that, until you've read it, it just doesn't come together like it should. Read it, and maybe you'll learn something about yourself.
I have always enjoyed this reading.
This version is cheap for a reason. More like a summary of the original, but not at all what I was looking for. Maybe it is good as a summary but as the whole thing and a beautiful edition to a collection, it fails entirely.
price attractive but no translator specified, nor any info beyond the text itself.
You will be surprised how much pure horse crap you'll begin seeing in people once you've read this book. Essential tool for life; especially in the workplace.
This book looks like someone printed it at home. And maybe they did. The cover is blurred/pixelated so it looks like someone stretched out a low-res image and sent it through their inkjet. There's no publisher information inside either. Anyway, nice simplified version of The Art of War if that's what you're looking for.
This version is trash.
Some of the principles were solid and others were a bit over the top. A decent read nonetheless though.
Just my curious about china.
This is a low quality, EXTREMELY abridged version with so few pages I probably could have written it myself in 2-3 hours. You'd think if they're advertising a well-known book but selling a version with only 20% of the content that they'd at least make an ATTEMPT at mentioning that.
Deceptice sales tactics. Do not buy this. This is barley a cliff note version of a long and profound book. Very disappointed. I DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!
Like most of the other reviewers, this book is a condensed version of the original book. I am highly disappointed and will be returning immediately, where upon I will purchase the original version.
Book was new and as advertised.
Very handy book when needed...perfect condition.
Good short and sweet, no bull no nonsense blah blah. just the facts. Easy to remember rather than the other versions I have owned. Those had too much comments from translators and they put thier own twist on what Sun Tsu ,meant. This version gets to the point, not meant for the scholar, meant for regular guys like me.
Already a classic hit for this ancient war strategy book that still benefit this generation, Adian's voice was perfect narrative to explain and follow the cunning nation of war, its strategy and how a commander, or ruler should view the art of the craft. Already loving his performance as Littlefinger in Game of Thrones, this version of the Art of War became one of my obsessed possession to listen over and over, while getting deeply educated about this ancient strategy! Highly highly recommended for anyone who is GOT fan to get a copy! A Must have!
Thank you so much love it awsome condition👍
Always my favourite interpretation of Sun Tzu's Art of War. Most interpretation I have read are dry and dull to read. James Clavel captures the spirit and intent of Sun Tzu's masterpiece of strategy.
Handy book if your looking to improve leader skills in the job place. Good knowledge to have too
I can not speak intelligently about the quality of this translation.  Given the accuracy of translation / I found that this was a brilliant summary of tactics used in ground warfare in China several thousand years ago.  Still poignant today across battlefields.  It does not of course include ana/lysis of naval and air and ground technological advances.  Excellent reading and it comes highly recommended.
A classic that relates as much to business, negotiating, planning as to its original subject of war.
4/10 Review of the unabridged and unannotated Cleary translation; 97pp. Likely revolutionary when it was first written, the wisdom contained in this book is now 'old hat' common sense. The parts directly applicable to war, with few exceptions (such as 'know thy enemy and know thyself and fear no defeat') are exclusively applicable to 1st generation warfare, fought with sword, horse, bow, and static fortifications, though a few pages give a prècis of what should be expected of an officer corps and disciplined army which are applicable to any multi-tier centralized organization. The rest of the book is taken up with descriptions of terrain types, etc. with no modern practical nor metaphorical application that I could discern. (I wonder how many generals got their men slaughtered because they read this book and thought they understood war. Likely more than the mandarin system advanced to high government post on stylized understanding of the five classics and their commentaries.) Of the much-praised 'business strategy' or 'general strategy' or 'the art of war as life', I read little.
During the 1980s, in the wake of Reagan economics and greed on Wall Street, every tycoon wannabe read this book as a text for making money.  That isn't why Sun Zi wrote it.  He wrote it as a primary text for wannabe generals and military tacticians.  I suspect Erwin Rommel read it, the Desert Fox who kept the British Army at bay during his Afrika Campaign.  Written in the typical style of Chinese, short and succinct, it is a very great look at military tactics.
One of my favorite books
I had to read this. This book has been the basis for war strategy for centuries. It's very interesting, short, yet involved. It's translated so it's a bit rough in vernacular, but I would recommend this book for anyone that is in a cut-throat business, the military, or anyone looking to learn the strategy of defeating an opponent. You should read this if you haven't. This book is so important to the history of the world.
I GAVE ONE TO EACH OF ALL MY GRANDCHILDREN.
A great short read, the laws can be applied to not only warfare, but everyday life and any problems that may arise.
This book is not a promotion of violence, but is intended to help one gain an understanding of tactics and battle strategy. This english translation is very detailed and when displayed on Kindle unknown words are defined and easily understood. Also, transferrable to other devices when using an appropriate Kindle App.
Paperback copy
its a short description of a life of under expectations if you want to be under the influence of one teacher. Sun. If there are many levels which can't inform you to identify a level of victory.
The print was really small and it doesn't look like the original book pagination wise, I believe this is some kind of reprint.
Nice and compatible.
Quick to read and gives tons of ideas in any way shape or form. I used it to expand my strategies in business and it gave me so many ideas as to how to take down competition and win over others business. Nothing but excellence can come from this book!
Good book
Read a interpretation of this , the uninterpretated version is a little more intresting and fun to read.
Good book
This is not the full version of the book bit instead a cliff note or quick version. great for someone that needs a fast read for a paper or assignment but not for those that want to read the actual book.
Wasn't that interesting. The content was good, but overall wouldn't recommend. It seems like a lot of the information was outdated because the book references chariots and older methods of warfare. I would suggest thinking about the concepts in terms of modern warfare.
This is not the actual book but rather a version of the book broken down. I was looking for the original and this is not it, description is misleading. It works if you want a summary
This is a wonderful book, my son wants to be in the military and it helped him think about how they think about war. He had a hard time with the concepts at first but once he found the underlying meaning. he was able to read it with a breeze.
Classic book on thoughtful approach to life!
Not the full book
added to library
Perfect
Interesting tips for war. The old language was a little boring, may be because English is no't my native language.
Don’t buy not the full book.
Versus the Art of Peace. Good advice that is useful when enacting revenge upon others, or even driving down the highways.
Great book to read. A must to over come adversity in your life. Teaching you planning and how to win. Great for sports, professional life as well as personal.
Good book. Not archival quality.
Good book
Don't let the title deceive you. This book is not only for warfare on the battlefield but in your life. In some ways a fighting man's Tao Te Ching. Sunzu's classic prepares you for dealing with the cruel and duplicitous. I have read the book in Chinese and English and can confirm this is an excellent translation. It's funny how business people use the book when really they are just exercising their greed. The book is not about stealing but about gaining an advantage but always for the purpose of good and benefit of all. Over and over Sunzi discusses how the leader must consider their subordinates to achieve success. The story will remain useful throughout time.
Not the right Art of War
I was hoping it was the complete book.
Great
All members of the military and political/war theorists need to read this. It's a classic that introduces timeless concepts for how to wage war. It's up there with Carl von Clausewitz's On War in the annals of military theory writing.
Sun Tzu was a famous Chinese philosopher most of his sayings are still relevant to this day and age regarding business and warfare. I wish I can find my copy but it got lost in the midst of my stuff and probably thrown away since the book is very small. I might buy a second copy when I move out within two months so I can read it .
Though it may be the quintessential book for the military student and solider it's relevance can not be ignored. This book was written so long ago and in a language so difficult to translate its almost impossible to fully understand. That being said this version is very well done. The translations are done without embellishment with the commentary following each chapter. The basic principals of displine, organization, proper planing, intellengace, and even misdirection can be applied in may different fields of work. I highly recommend this book as an addition to anyone's personal library. You don't have to be a West Point cadet.
i love the way james clavell simplifies this very important book
This book is a must read on strategy for anything competition related.
As the title says, this book, and the ideas therein have truly stood the test of time. In any conflict, this book can aide you. I've even taken advice from this book and applied it in strategy games to much success. The concepts presented are flawless, logically speaking, and the book itself is well laid out.
Thank u
small but efficient
Way ahead of its time. Tactics have changed but the psychology of warfare is still the same. Must read for  the military.
While this is an interesting book, this edition is shoddily copy-edited. There are lots of typographical errors. You can read it for content but I'm a stickler for books using proper spellings so if I were to purchase again, I'd look for a cleaner edition.
Great book everyone needs to read
Rip off! This isn’t the entire book. Buyer beware! I was really excited to read this until it arrived, and I realized that this is a shortened version of the actual book.
thought i was buying the book, but this is like a little summary pamplet, very unhappy
It is very good and most of the principals hold true to today.
The book is a classic, so there's no comment on it (you should read other great reviews). But the edition is terrible. It even has the chapters in the wrong order! I mean, it was 3 dollars not 3 cents!
Has some really good advice that is generally limited to war/combat but not much else.  As a combat veteran I found it interesting, especially after having to work under senior officers for four years as a USAF pilot. Most couldn't find their butt with four hands.
A classic, but too basic if you have experience in military combat.  Very short book, you can finish it in a couple of hours.  A lot of stuff in this book is great for boxers to read.  More useful for training boxers than for modern military combat.  However, this is a very famous book.
This is a quick read, but the content is simple without much development. The basic ideas are clear, but the reasoning is not.
A book everyone should read! takes you to another way to look at life, work, and every thing in between. Written in a way that can be understand but takes a "higher mind" to really allow it to sink in. If you have an afternoon go through it and take it in, you'll look at the world in a different light and maybe you might even realize that you know a lot of this already but be open minded and take in everything it says  because The Art of War is something else! I highly recommend it, one of my favorites! fast shipping :)
The Art of War is a book of knowledge, the kind of knowledge that is timeless and a lifelong benefit to have learned.  If you haven't read this book and learned its teachings then you should and if you have read this book but not learned any life lessons then you need to go back and read it again until you grasp the knowledge you are holding in your hands.
Very important literature for these times!  The true nature of man’s Warfare.
I think a lot of people should read this book. Yeah, it is a book about military strategy, and most people don't need to know that or will ever need to know that. However, there is more to this book than meets the eye. This book also holds strategy one can use with interpersonal conflicts, business, and life in general. Simple ideas like flexibility, being prepared, and planning are all discussed in this book. I recommend it.
What can I say? Classic read. This has been used by corporate employees and managers to get a leg up on the competition through strategies of contention, confrontation, empowerment and 'going for the kill'. Recommend if you just want to learn battle strategies and applying their context into real world scenarios.
A large portion of the book is outdated. That being said there are tidbits of timeless information related to watergate, competition and reflection.
Great read!
I took the Great Courses course on "The Art of War," which inspired me to get the book. After reading the book, I went through the "Great Courses" again.
A lot of interesting ideas are in this book. However, it is a little difficult to grasp the ideas and apply it to today's world without rereading the book multiple times, thinking about it, and discussing your ideas with others.
Stewie Griffin was my inspiration to read this when I saw it was free for the kindle.  I have no knowledge of how good the translation is, the formatting was tolerable and there were likely some typos.  All in all, I thought it was a great read and several of his statements can be considered by modern day man in everyday dealings with people. A great read, and not too long.  The commentary was interesting as well (perhaps a bit sparse, but useful).
I loved it! Almost all of it is still relevant and applicable to the modern day! It’s a must read!
Learn from this book. There is much wisdom inside. This quick read is about mobilizing troops effectively, but anyone in a leadership role should read this to more effectively command the respect of the people who report to him/her, which will in term make them more loyal and a stronger team.
The book is a good read, but I prefer the original book, this one is more like a quick run down of the important points of the original book
Good reading. Made me think of being out there on a march way back in the days of hand weapons. Some good things apply to modern times. One I notice is when the men are dissatisfied they go and whisper together in small groups. Probably plenty more. Probably read it again. Goes along with "Journey to the West" in that way.
Good book
Much of these teachings can be applied to daily life.  They still teach this to cadets at military academies.
It would be nice if You tell people this is not the actual book its a summary if the book which, in my opinion is pointless u less your in school and to lazy to read a  book
Flimsy book, good subject matter. This book contains a collection of war proverbs. There is no explaining of the proverbs, so if you want more depth, you should spend more to get commentary included.
I've heard many people recommend this book, and yet it was not quite what I imagined it to be. Rather than a collection of lessons learned through the telling of historical events, it is rather more like a list of proverbs by which a general should carry out the act of war. What struck me most was the admonition to disregard the orders of your superior should the information available to you contradict that which has been handed down. This understanding of personal autonomy is, in my opinion, the most important lesson given.
A cheap printing
I dont know what this is. I ordered a book to read and I feel what I got is someone saying, "here is whats in the book". Dont buy this crap. Spend a few more dollars and get a proper book with authentic publisher so u can really grasp what this book has to say.
The quality and feel of the binding is excellent, especially for the price.
For those who wants to have a deeper understanding about war, this ebook is suited for you because it has all the informations that will enable you to understand all the underlying principles about war. A wonderful and interesting read. Thanks for this!
ok
Thanks to this baby I have everything I need to wage war on my opponents in the corporate jungle. That part about working around insurance rate changes, PE ratios, and how to slaughter the inflation effect on your bonds was stellar! Thank you Sunzi - you've change my life.
This book is a good, yet easy read.  It's easy to follow along with and the concepts in the book makes sense.  Apply this to modern day life and you can begin to build a strong mentality.
I had to read this because my students talked about it constantly. They believed that in the pages of the Art Of War were magic words to control and manipulate others. This book is very popular among the incarcerated.  The main difficulty they seen to have is the references to historical figures. I found the book interesting mainly because I love reading about history. Although i don't believe in book banning The art Of war along with a few other manipulation type books I personally feel should not be allowed in any jail or prison setting.
Great read in finding out some of the ins and outs of waging war. It seems practical, and would likely require more study for one to be successful in this field.
Ok read. Small examples  Wasn’t a fan. Only like 15 pages. I’d pursue other versions.
Fantastic book, great for military history buffs as well as people looking for a little advice on how to take control of your life and strategically plan the life ahead of you. I recommend this to many people and have personally given many copies as gifts.
These observations of human nature and the ways to accomplish your military aims are simple, interesting and true. Human nature remains the same! Amazingly, this advice is completely applicable to everyday life, especially in business relationships. This is one that reveals itself a little more with every reading.
Could use a little help with the translation-some simple little English mistakes in this version, but the elements of the book came through and were clear, and they are so, so valuable even in just figuring out how to navigate the modern world!  Great stuff!
This is the cheapest quality book that I have ever seen. Disappointing.
My professor recommend me to read this book before start the class. So I just got my a book. If u want to learn about strategy try to read this book.
Do you want to get into the minds of commanders and generals of past and present? THIS is the book you need. It was mandatory reading when I was in the Marines. The lessons and actions of troops has changed very little over the course of time. If you wonder why commanders do what they do please read this book.
Read it, apply it metaphorically to your everyday life and DOMINATE. If you live a competitive lifestyle with an open mind that can bridge gaps...this book is for you...again....read it...and again...read it....again and again and again (it's a quick read(s))
The Art of War is one of those books that has wisdom for everybody, regardless of their walk in life. While most of the information is directed at soldiers and generals, and their behavior, it contains insights that are applicable to dealing with co-workers, bosses and strangers on the street.
great product!
One of best books ever written for strategy construction, for an ever growing number of applicable battlefields.   War is HELL..and has been for long before, Sun Tzu..he was just the best at writing the best strategy down.   Take my Word please...this is always a good purchase.
This book applies to all that you do, I truly like a few quotes I can use daily.
Ok
Classic!!!
I have long been a fan of this book. Many years ago I was a tank officer in the US Army, and believe me, Sun Tzu knew what he wrote about. The language may seem stilted, but the principles are clear. Some thing never change. The Easton edition is a superior translation and an elegant presentation.  I recommend it highly.
Not the full length book!
Plan on reading it twice at the least.  There is allot in the text that needs to be mentally squeezed out.
Very interesting book that was very easy to read. Would highly recommend this book to anyone interested in learning ways to improve your life, or someone who has interest in eastern philosophies.
Great product
I needed this for my son who has it as a set text in a Civics class. It's a perfectly decently made book at a price which makes it cheaper than printing out sections at home from public domain sources, and it's a lot easier to read this way too. Hey, I may even 'borrow' it back to improve my own education!
Great
I thought I was buying the actual book -- this is like a cliff notes version that I think I actually like better What it does is basically summarize main topics and breaks them down into a few quotes from the "actual" book that convey the meaning I was actually using this book to help my poker game and it worked
This is a short but detailed book. Pay attention and invite it into your life
This book is on the "Must Read" of all Military Colleges.  And that is through out the world.  It has been printed in every language known to man.  It is simple - It is direct.  It is how to win a war.  It may be a thousand years old, but, even with today's modern war machines, still applies.  The only problem - And It Is A Big Problem.............  You are buying "The Art of War" (Illustrated).  Problem:  There is not one illustration in the entire Kindle edition.  Do yourself a favor - buy a paperback with the illustrations in them - They are important.
The Art of War takes the battle plans and uses psychological principles to win against any enemy. Written in simple, descriptive language that anyone can read and apply to whatever adversarial situation presents itself. It can even be interpreted as a relationship guide! The Art of War also states ways of "fighting without having to fight at all." Brilliant and as relatable as it was when it was originally written. Everyone should have this book on their nightstand...next to their Bible!!
This book is full of knowledge that not only applies to war, but also life. The lessons learned in this book can be allied to relationship, friendship, career and make you a more complete person in general. I recommend this book to be read by all those I care about becoming a better person.
Ancient wisdom carried down through time to our culture is found in this work. it is applicable to most walks of life, particularly if one is in a position of authority over many persons and or required to intelligently utilize scarce resources. A fun book.
For us this is a reference book, a code for life. Every time you read it you discover something new and useful
Nice slim, sleek book. Very satisfied.
Its just a 20 summary of the book which could be useful, but I thought I was getting the full book. I want my money back because it doesn't specify that its not actually the book.
I've heard how this is a good book to read for examples of running a business. There are good points that can be extrapolated but you definitely need to read between the lines and look for the true meaning.
This was the fourth time I read The Art of War. I really love the book and strongly recommend it to anyone. It's truly one of the most timeless books there is and you can apply these principles whether you're a student, businessman or anything else. However, this edition is quite poor as there's a ton of mistakes, wrong translations, etc. Try to look for other possibilities how to read it (there's dozens of versions of TAOW both on Kindle and on paper).
The book was in good condition. It was ordered as a replacement for one I loaned out and never got back, thank you.
This is very misleading! I was expecting the full book and it turned out to be a summary, someone's bullet notes. I feel cheated
Great read for anyone who may be interested in a stratagem for living a fulfilling and complete life. Must read I'd you haven't already, or great piece for any collector!
A+
Simple statements that can be applied to life staegies
Well one cannot properly review at work this venerable, it's worth noting that Sun Tzu's conceptions of nature, natural law, and human condition conform to much of later Western thought.
Sun Tzu is a genius and this book is a timeless classic.  When faced with a problem, make sure your on the right side.  Then plan all your moves and take into account all possible outcomes.  Make sure your plan is fool-proof then use your greatest strength against your problems weakest or key root issue.  Read the book for yourself and you will find that the book can be applied to a variety of situations from problem solving, to sports, to success in life. a great read!
Who wouldn't love a copy of this classic?
It wasn’t the best... the cover was pretty flimsy and almost ripped off in my bag. But the content is all good.
Received a shortened copy. Ended up going to bookstore to buy what I was looking for.
Not what i had expected at all. I had ordered it thinking that this was translated by Samuel B. Griffith and it is not. If you look inside the book, it says "Translated by Lionel Giles" Don't let the ad fool you.. Did return it and I will be definitely looking closer at this the next time i buy a book.
Great read, personally believe it's a book everyone should read, no matter how you feel about war. The book was good quality and I had no complaints about it.
Great book
The Art of War was shared with me by my Dad many years ago, and I continue to find new bits of wisdom and perspective every time I read it. This book has helped guide my leadership decisions and has given confidence to my conflict resolution abilities. I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in learning more about leadership wisdom.
Summary. Not the real book.
This is a great, cheap version of the book, which should be a required reading. I loved it and I'm sure you will too as it is written in bullet form since the statements are slightly complex and have deeper meaning.
Good deal for the price point.
Great Read valuable information and lessons applied to all aspects of life.
I like that everyone will take something different away from this book, it’s timeless because of its truth, you see the things he mentions everyday in people all these years later.
Friend enjoyed the book.
Not impressed thought I was buying a book that would last me more than a day of reading. It is more of a really condense version of a classic. Guess I will buy the original from a real book store.
The art of war is the art of control over the battlefield over your opponent and over yourself.
Bought for my boyfriend for Christmas. He really likes it.
This is a very poor excuse for a book. There’s 5 completely blank pages at the end. It’s like they translated the original art of war through google translate.
Haven't read it yet. But fiancee says it is a good read and explores the mind of the author.
Classic book. Everyone has heard at least a few proverbs from Sun Tzu, and that’s all this book is made up of. It’s a light read and is nice to pick up for a page or two when cooking or something.
This is was a little different than I expected after hearing about it from so many different people. It is a good short read, but most of it is actual strategy useful during the Dynasty wars. There are a few concepts from it that I am implementing in my own life though and would recommend anyone to read it as it is short and does contain some wisdom.
Nice to read even all these years after the first time I read it in high school.  Makes for great listening too on long trips.
Good read
I give this App a 5 Star because what it tells is still relevent in today's modern warfare. And the price can't be beat it'd free. I'd recommend this to all military personnel as a must read. And to all civilians who are interested in the Art of War. I'd highly recommend this App/Book.
This is a short book of leadership strategy and tactics for war. There is wisdom for everyone regardless of your role in any career or job. Public administration is tied to this poem in terms of managing resources, human capitol, fellow servicemen, and the public.
Got to be in a certain frame of mind for this one.  Might be empowering to someone fighting a battle in this world.  For the rest of us it's either a yawn or disturbing.  Probably won't hurt you to read it but there is probably something else out there more empowering.
Great!
Great knowledge for myself  an amaising book great insight  certainly a book for the ages  and for leaders of all  walks of life.
I read for pleasure and to hone my writing skills. This is a great classic.
Good advise for life
Not the real full book just a short summed up pamphlet about the original.
This ancient text is as useful today as it was in ancient history.
His genius is still followed to this day.
This book was for my husband
This book is very thin almost like a pamphlet. If I had known that I wouldn't have bought it.
Over-rated.  Too many people try to quote from this book without actually reading it. Historically it shows an interesting perspective on conquering forces, but there are better sources to get more complete information.
How on earth are all the other people giving this book 5 stars??? Surely they have not opened it, they probably just bought it to leave it on their coffeetable to impress their friends. Well, the cover does look nice, but if you actually OPEN it you'll rapidly see that 1. There is NO forward, author info, translation notes or any other content. Not even an Index. 2. Numerous mispelling and even missing text. 3. Page titles at top are both the name of the book instead of chapter. Very useful. (Sarcasm) I bought 4 copies in order to give my friends. I will be giving these to Goodwill and buying a different version.
Looks like a google translate of chinese language. It was like reading the fortune from a fortune cookie ;)
love it, just what I needed.
the test of time proves that not much changes in our world or the many years or warfare threw the centuries
This is a short version of the book. Disappointed because it didn't give any indication that this was a short version of the book in the descriptions. The worse part is I didn't read the reviews until now and other people had the same issues.
not the art of war book
I’m not much of a reader but the history behind this book got me intrigued.
I prefer paperback and this short book was worth the read.
Should have just printed out a PDF or such online. While it is a "book", it's merely a few pages of material that's professionally printed by the Amazon on-demand system. Meh. At least I helped someone make money...
It is an attractive little volume but the content is very limited. Guess I'll look at the full edition.
This seems kind of like a cliff notes version of the full book. Maybe I'm wrong as I didn't read this one. It was a gift. It has larger print and is thinner than my copy however. Regardless this is a great price for a book that has many applications in life regarding strategy.
Most popular book for those with careers in the military. Everyone should read this short book
Good book! Easy to read, and i would suggest watching a movie that will show u some great strategies from the times it was written. Like "Red Cliff", or a good drama like "General and I", "The general" anything period that is chinese or korean! So much fun!
Great read packed with a great strategy in life advise.
“The art of war is of vital importance to the State. It is a matter of life and death. A road either to safety or to ruin. Hence it is a subject of inquiry which can on no account be neglected.”
This is a good book for anyone. Business, politics or just improving yourself. If you don't own it then just buy it. It's cheap, short and you know you don't want to be a part of the 80% of Americans who have not bought a book in the last year. Lets bring that number down a bit
There is a reason this book is a well-known classic. I found The Art of War to be insightful and useful for everyday situations as well as in reference to war. It is more about philosophy than actual combat, and so it is not just for Generals and CEOs.
Wonderful read.
Short/dumbed down version of the real book. Do not waste your time and purchase then, better luck at a half price books. Very disappointed with seller not putting this in summary.
I thought there would be more to it. I mean it served it's purpose for what I was looking for, but I guess there was not any explanation or illustrations. It was more like a starter book for other books of this ilk. It will force the reader to think about each section read so I believe that could be a good thing.
good product
It’s a good overview of the book but sadly not the whole thing like I thought it to be. I still enjoy it though.
Not the full book just a shortened summary of it
Great Book
This product was extremely disappointing. I paid a high price for a very standard book which was supposed to be a special addition. I was hoping the cover would have been made out of a high quality material instead this book was a standard quality book at a very high price.
This is a little book I love, while some it is changed by the logistics of our modern flight-based world of today, the gist of it right to the point is that every time we ignored the most basic advice in this book, we lost or backed out of a war that we failed to understand why the other side fought so hard for, such as the Vietnam war, where North Vietnam's General Giap and the Vietcong used a very successful 'Go' strategy while we lost the war by not understanding the strategy of the enemy, attempted to use a chess strategy, to our detriment.('Go' is a game where you occupy the most territory with the least number of pieces, in chess you occupy the most territory with the most pieces with the sole objective being to capture the King.) You will find much to contemplate in reading this book if you like to think, and you value freedom, democracy, liberty and the responsibility of keeping and maintaining that democracy as the flip-side of liberty. Freedom/Responsibility go hand in hand to those who want to keep this experiment in democracy we love so dearly.
Just like described soft cover and delivered on time
Great book
This book though dry every now and then is very knowledgeable about warfare. This book is also great because even though its about warfare has so many other applications outside of warfare.
Great addition to my husband’s library!
Great book and read.
Very nice paper, clear large font, and nice spacing of text. Very easy to read. The actual content makes perfect sense and is easy to remember, partially, I think, because of how it is presented.
And win
I’ll definitely make this book a yearly read. I haven’t highlighted so much material in awhile. And will be putting some of these tactics into everyday living.
Fast shipping
Great book for me to jump in and out of. Slim so it doesn’t take up much space
This book is as it name states an art. To follow this in life we could gain but to do as it tells not to will give defeats
This material must be repeatedly read in order to absorb its full impact.  Premises of The Art of War were violated over and over by the Bush administration and our Army.  I once understood that our military schools of war at one time studied this material...... Now, I guess not!
DO NOT BUY THIS VERSION!
Good product
Bought it, because this is the book that started me on my life long journey.
This isn’t even the whole book. It’s a bunch of quotes from the original book. What a waste.
A must read for everyone esp for ladies if they are going thru a divorce.
Great book,  I will complete my plans for world domination soon.  Allegedly the us armed forces still read this short book to give thought on the truth of how real war works.  Was also an entertaining read.
Great
VERY WELL DONE!!!!!!! Highly Recommend!!!
the art of war is a guide where the best war strategies are explained. concise, straight foreward and logic strategies.
The manner in which the translations and explanations jump back and forth tends to be confusing. I found myself flipping back and forth a lot. Otherwise, it's an excellent read for anyone. As a supervisor, I've found that I've applied a lot of the stratagem laid out in this book in my work life.
YUP!!!!  I've read it and will be sending to my son!!!
I see what some folks mean by being a hard read, but it's great education!
The absolute best military strategy guide ever written.every soldier should read it.
I first read this as a library book as I did some research for an RPG character. I was fascinated by it and always wanted my own copy. I finally got one and it's STILL as fascinating to me as it was originally.
Do not let the title fool you. This is not so much about war as it is about relationships and leadership. I am a 50 year old house wife and mother.  I am also a writer and constantly searching for insights and inspirations.  I inherited this copy of the book from my son when he left for college.  Read a page or two a day; sometimes a paragraph will do!  The words are thousands of years old but the wisdom is timeless.
some things don't change with time. the art of war discusses how to keep the big picture in focus, maintain check and balances (including hubris) and  how to react to others. it is geared for generals wielding war in ancient China, but the points are relevant for anyone doing business.
Great read
Gift for my husband. Not what he expected.
These rules certainly apply to the time of war, but also apply to the business, raising the young, and to life in general.
Good product
Good book.
Sometimes to most simple things are the hardest to articulate, but Sun Tzu is the master of turning simple psychology into art. 2,613 years later, it is amazing how his words have stood the test of time, and how prevalent they still are to this day.
A lot of word definition searches, not a thriller but interesting and a quick read. Most will lose interest on the first page.
Alot thinner than I remember, but still contain useful information
I love
this is a pamphlet, it isn't the actual book
Love this book
As described and shipping was fast! Happy with my order.
The link I thought I was purchasing was a version translated by Thomas Cleary with an introduction and commentary. This version (the black cover, white lettering with red shadow and red lines) has neither and there is no mention of who the translator is.
Great read. The one problem I have is that the commentary can get REALLY annoying. Gets in  the way of the main text. I know the only way to do away with it is to read it in the original Chinese, but maybe have a footnote for the pointm then have the commentary at the end of the chapter.
Brief, interesting read! Every politician and business and military leader should give this work consideration. If I could, I would send a copy to the White House. I doubt it would be read though.
to overcome theose who seek to destroy you, one must first understand their ideology and intent, and then refrain from getting mired by fear in a 'normalcy bias' when they say they are committed to kill you.
Came as a pamphlet/brochure. No binding, and cheaply made.
The full length book is great. This however is someone’s cliff notes of the book. And it’s not even a good summary. This is not the full length book.
Great product fast shipping
I'd buy again...and again !!! I love it..
Do NOT waste your money...this is a useless poorly written HIGH level summary. I am disappointed
This is not a real book and nowhere it says that these are notes from the book, very thin book, disappointing.
Cant beat the price for this book.
Do not buy this. It's not the actual book.  They'll take your money immediately and you'll never see it again.
Its the Art of War.
For over a decade now this book has made the rounds in my inner circle and Everyone seemed to thoroughly enjoy it. As for me I saw very little use for such a book. And since I see no real use, I felt no real delight I suppose young military leaders would enjoy this.
Thanks!
Good book, thought it would be longer
I have seen this book used as a reference for many years.  Wish I had read it when I was a young man.
I ripped the cd so I can listen to it on my phone at work. No good all I get is "my cd" and the chapters reading the same. I used Media Monkey to rip and look up Amazon DB for tagging, still nothing. It is very annoying when stopping and starting during the day to know what chapter you're on. So this was a waste of money and time trying to tag it and listen to it. Especially when many other audio books are in the same format and trying to go back I may end up listening to another book all together. Not worth the effort to try and manually tag each track. Lesson learned for me and will sell it at work.
Cheap, cover is pixelated A F. But it was 5 bucks. I can no declare war on the Chinese.
This book illustrates a lot of fundamental aspects of how to conduct a operation, I thought the concepts were true and basic.  For a more in depth reading experience, that is if you don't already know what your buying and what you want, I suggest machiavelli's art of war.  Matter of taste I guess.  I enjoyed both books, I feel I walked away with more from machiavelli's art of war.
Fav book came as supspected
The Art of War was interesting when you think about how old this book is and see the different tactics discussed in it.  I have heard many times too, that this is a good read for people in the business world today.  I agree with that in part.  There are parts of the book that are translatable to the business world but a lot that are not. Overall it is a very short book.  I'm glad I finally read it, but not one I was blown away by.
False advertisement. Should clearly state what “chump change edition” means somewhere. This is NOT The Art of War; this is someone’s poor summary of the book.
I had heard so much about "The Art of War" I decided to read it.  Alas, it's only one hundred seventy large-font pages.  What saves this book is the very good introduction, some sixty-five pages, that I would have been lost in the sauce without.
I don't remember buying this book.  It probably was for my English class when I was an undergrad in college.  I'm not sure, I don't remember sorry I'm not more helpful.  However, I do know about the book and after reading it a couple of times I do understand it more clearly now and it is good
A classic truly a must have but this format sucks book is too thin and too wide for my taste
An excellent read. The principles of this book apply to so many aspects of life. It is not a long book. In fact, it is very short. That being said, you could read it in an hour or two, or you could chew on its words for an entire lifetime.
Just as described, the way it should be.
One of the best books I ever read....but it took me a few times to fully understand what Sun Tzu was saying. The philosophies in this book can be applied to most anything, and should be a must-read for every leader.
DO NOT BUY! This is false advertising! I am so disappointed. This is not The Art of War. This is a cheap photocopied book of bullet points. I am so upset. What a waste!
👌🏾
No where in the description does it say it is a shortened version of the book. I feel like I was ripped off.
This is a great read, and I am surprised it isn't required reading in schools. Can provide great outlooks on life, Decision making, and leadership. A timeless classic that I hope stays with us forever.
Reading
This is not the book, it has quotes and is abbreviated, even compared to cliff notes.  If you want a very simple gist of real book, this may be for you.
Awsome book. If you like learning about ancient civilization army rules and leadership... this is definitely the book for you. Don't forget this is and asian book which was translated to English. The version is ok and the translation is awsome as well.
This is a shortened 60 page version of the book. Nowhere on the page was it stated that this was anything but the full book. This is a rip off.
Description was not clear.
I enjoy skimming through the statements.
Great book if you want to learn about strategy in any context.
Read this several times in my life - I purchased this copy for a friend as he had never read it. Buy it & read it. You won't regret it.
Not the full book. Don’t buy.
Nice book
Helps ya understand how,why,where and what your enemy expects.
The Best Buy. I love these books
Not that much info after hearing about this book in various movies and other books! Slow, but interesting read! Bought the small, non fancy version hoping to get into the material!
This is something that is worth listening too.
Can't wait to read!
Scam. Not the real book!
👍👍👍👍👍
a little on the small side a good light read but has all the good info
This book is packed with great information for life on and off the battlefield. So many of it's principles apply to sports and the business world. Students: if you need to write a paper on some military event in history, this book should be your starting point. Use it to back up your main points or thesis and you'll win the day!
The book was very helpful to receive. It served as a welcomed gift.
This give a stylized and sparse outline of some possible principles of was as it pertains to feudal times. Very little applies to todays types of conflicts and provides little to no true advice about conflict resolution.
I think this is one of the must read books everyone should read once in their lifetime.  Not only does it give a good outlook on miltary tactics- it tells you the logic behind them... which you can apply to other situations or intances in life
A quick and easy read. Maybe not the most entertaining, but still interesting.
Read this simply because "it's a classic". Nothing really terrific here, not sure it's worth paying for. Go rent it at a library. Book version/translation was good.
Although this book talks about war, the principles taught in this book can be put to use in any area of your life. The Art of War is short, but a good read. A classic that is still relevant today!
This is a good book to read if you were living in 200 AD. These ancient techniques no longer apply in 2017.
The first of the book is essentially a bullet pointed list that can translate very well into the business world.
Strategically wonderful!  It helps you to uderstand the actual art of planning and executing any type of war (think of it from all of its aspects).  I encourage you to purchase this book, it is well worth its price.
A good interpretation of a classic.  Would recommend.
A classic well worth the read if you are interested in how war is fought! It is not only used for war but everyday life problems and things like business.
First time trying to buy "The Art of War" and had not realized this was a summary and the listing does not mention this "book" is in fact a summary.
This was a good book,it was just more dry of a story than what I usually like to read. I recommend this if you are more into the Buddhist culture,as it is centered on pretty much killing your enemies with kindness.
Good
Great job providing "The Art of War" affordably.  Quality of printing is ok.
I was very disappointed​ to learn that this was an outline of the book when I got it yesterday. I was really looking forward to reading an actual book.
I have heard this book touted as "great" so many times that I finally decided to give it a try.  I was most disappointed.  The book is just a series of one-liners on different things to do in war.  Some of the little one-liners didn't even make much sense.  And the book is totally disorganized with no connection from one one-liner to the next.  And finally, there were way too many editing errors.  I was expecting a well-thought-out and organized expose on how to carry out a successful war....something on the order of Machiavelli's very astute and very clear way to obtain and retain power as set out in "The Prince."  No comparison.
Looks good
Unlike the Griffin translation this edition, which is from the late 19th century, intermixes the text and the commentary.  In a way that's good because it's easier to associate the text to the commentary, but sometimes the commentary isn't all that good or insightful.
A gift
The Art of War is famous throughout the world for good reason and is required reading by many business schools, law schools, government, intelligence and military organizations, and all for goo dc reason. I believe anyone in our global job market would also benefit from reading this book.
Book is basically translated versions of quotes written by Sun Tzu. Little hard to grasp as it lacks detailed explanation but still a great book to have.
I tried several times to read this book. I even got half way through it before I gave up the last time. It is just plain BORING! There isn't even colorful descriptors to keep you awake. Truthfully, after trying three times to read this, I still have absolutely no idea what it's about.
Not sure what all the fuss is about with this book. I didn't find it to be at all great. It's short though, so if you want to find out for yourself, it's not a big commitment.
Great book, can apply in negotiating daily obstacles, without arms. You can use to improve your outcome.
This is THE classic, ageless work of warfare.
Every man should read this (woman too)! You could practically utilize any lens to what's in these teachings and apply them to everything.
This is a well-respected and inexpensive book written more than two thousand years ago. It can teach you many things.
Rip off
A classic, short read. If we can decipher the meanings behind it, has some valuable information that can be applied to life.
I fell for it. It’s not a full book. It’s 65 pages and printed by a random amazon seller making money off someone else’s work.
If you have not read this book I don't know how you got a business mgt. job.... It's cut-throat and how life really is... As a former combat Marine a lot of this hit's home. As a business man every page hits home!
Lives up to the hype. Timeless messages.
I found it to be a tough read
The content is fine and not excellent.
Bought as Christmas gifts for my sons. Both are history buffs and both are looking forward to reading this book.
Received on time and as expected.
Rip off!  Nothing but list of chapter headings.  Thief!!!
A classic read. I can see why people use this little book as a life manual, and can be applied to most any lifestyle, job/career, and/or multiple situations.
Not so much a book but just excerpts.  Can read it in an hour or less. Who cares for $3 tho
Arrived sooo fast with only a few days notice and the book is gorgeous.  The leather cover is beautiful--reminiscent of the days when books were hand made before printing presses
A book bought for my daughter & she enjoyed it!
it was want i was looking for thank you.
This is the book to do it. Albeit a bit old school but if you're willing to line up like they did back in the day, this is a great tactician book. I think overall this was to show how you should think if you want to lead.
The Art of War is a classic. I have read it 5 times at least. We actually read it in one of my jobs as well. You can apply what you read in the Art of War to so many aspects of life. I would highly recommend reading it.
good read
Just as described and very fast shipping, thank you!!!
This is a classic text that I have never read before.  It is so interesting to see the perspective that it offers and the applications and relevance that it has today.  A book that is remarkable in it's simplicity and expression of common sense.  It makes me wonder how and where we've lost our way.
great read
I thought the book would be much bigger. Turns out this was sort of like a pamphlet. I guess you get what you pay for.
Disliked it wasnt the full book dont buy trust me i just biught another book this one has 68 pages
I loved the book. Short read full of wisdom,knowledge,strategy, tactics,and ways. For the past, present and future.Book was,is and will be as well as can be translated and acted in life in many ways not just war.
This book is a classic, and full of wisdom.  If I were you, I'd pay another $3 and get a decent cover and translation--this one had misspellings and incomplete sentences.  If you just want the text, you can read this for free online.
I had been aware of this book for many years but always bypassed it.  A mentor recently recommended it as an important resource for a different perspective on the business world.  I found that this small volume spurred a lot of ideas for me.  A great place to learn some tools for negotiation.
Perfect as a flash card idea, but the actal writing of the book jumps quickly from one idea to the next, no to say the idea of such trait is not unlike a general commanding his army, but the writing lacks ideas, and leave little for the imagination to work with, simply put, its more of a lesson book to a reader to take command of something and then tacticianlly keep it, weather it be a life style, roll, or a idea or psyical thing. Specializing in a singular idea, war, the facts on how to control and be victorious in a battle of metal or mind.
Excellent book of ancient, but still relevant, wisdom of war tactics and strategy. This is the best, it was beautifully put together!!
Not even the full text. Does not mention that anywhere in the description, it's just cliff notes.
Loved it
I bought this for the kindle app. It was free.  I had read it once before in paperback form and loved it.  It seems to be better than I remember it from 10 years before. I think this should be required reading for everyone, at least once.
The art of war is a great book. Good for strategic planning.
Good read it prepares you for life before Drama happens.
It was alright I mean it's a classic so I had to read it but I totally think that are better books you can read about business or war the good thing is that is a very short read so you can finish it in less than a day like I did
The classic breakdown of how to gain and leverage an advantage. Sun Tzu was mostly writing about military strategy but his principles can be applied to almost anything in these "modern" times. Very interesting!
Ancient Wisdom when dealing with battle and military might. I guess I was expecting the wisdom to translate over into everyday life in the modern  corporate or civilian world. It didn't.  However after studying this book I have learned that strategy and taking your enemy into account in all it's variables weakness and strengths is to have higher ground when accessing your attack plans. Basically know your enemy inside and out then let them fall prey to your plans.  I am glad this was a short book because it took a lot of strain to decipher this stuff. It wasn't a fun read at all but I am glad that now I can say that I read it.  Definitely a read for those with an acquired taste. Otherwise a more compatible self empowerment book may be more useful.
Not what I expected. Did not like the format AT ALL. Waste of money.
What can you say about this e-mail book. This has been studied by all branch of the USA armed services professional courses taken by Officers and NCO' s. Great e-mail book. I love it.
Just what I was looking for!
A classic
Not the full length version, had some weird sticky substance on the front cover and back cover
it was not proofed, they used spell check and spell check didn't catch wrong words (head instead of heed) if you don't know what youre reading it could be confusing
great deal
Lots of great insight with this one
Actually a very easy read, and chock-full of principles that apply to getting ahead in life, not only in war.  The timeless principles are broken up into bite sized chunks that don't take a lot of your time to consume.  Good read, well worth my time.
Bought this mainly as a required reading for myself.  There's plenty of books out there that parody this philosophy.  Mainly I bought it as a reference.  People may think your weird though if quote it all the time around the water cooler.
LARGE PRINT, easy to read with a strong cover for a paperback Good value at only $4 it's a classic, go get it (and keep winning)
great read
Not the one expected. This is for kids
Great book
Unbelievable! This is like a 50 page summary of the book. IT’s NOT THE FULL TEXT!!! I can’t believe I got scammed out of $12 for this crap.
Great product
About 68 pages only. NOT THE FULL version. We should be given a refund! Thought I was getting the whole book. Amazon should do something about this. Nowhere does it say its not a full version.
Don’t buy this... it’s cheap and... the translation is so bad. You won’t understand the meaning.
It is only a summary. This fact is not stated in the description of the book
This book was drab in some parts and interesting in others. Some of the commentary was too extensive for the average reader. I love how the lessons of Sunni are still relevant in modern warfare.
Beware! This is NOT the whole book!
I am retired military (24 years) and have used this book throughout my career. Now that I am retired and working in the civilian sector, I still apply a lot of principles from the Art of War.
Just added this to my collected editions of books, good read!
This is not the full book, which is what I intended to buy.  Not advertised well enough that it's a shortened version.
Sister loves this book! Great Xmas gift!
Ive been meaning to read The Art of War for several years now. Grabbed this translation because it was free. The translator does a good job of comparing various other translations of the book and noting where they differ and what he thinks is the most likely/accurate translation of a particular passage.
Strategy at best.
I get the main characters point Great book and very informative. Book is written well with ability to keep the reader interested in the book and all it has too offer. Characters and other plot.
An amazing manual for nearly everything in life, Sun Tzu's knowlege transcends all time and all people. As he said the best way to win is to not fight at all.
Love it! Very insightful
Very good insight despite being a centuries old document. I would've given it five stars but the "illustrated" aspect if the book was poor on the paper white kindle.
The art of management is very much like the art of war.  If you are a manager, or want to be a manager, this is one of the very best books to read.
perfect
Condensed version. It took ten minutes to read the whole book. The full version is better.
Heard it via audio and it was really good, interesting and helpful. Great information and perspective on how to use your mind and resources to conquer all of your goals.
I ordered this in large print, and they did not disappoint!! My boyfriend is super excited!
Great read!
Great and applies to life in many ways.
This paperback edition was in new shape, and easy to understand. Highly recommend this book for anyone studying the subject of strategy in relation to competitive business or in general.
Finally read it. When I was in B-school everyone said this was a MUST read...but I never got around to it. Having read it now, my reaction is "meh".
classic book, if you're able to abstractly apply these concepts to life you can get ahead much easier.
Very short reads (less than 20 minutes) but good information.
Great read.
Gelreat meaning book
It is a great reference, or the adage-of-the-day sort of book, that you can read to gather and clear your thoughts, and organize and launch your next attack (read critical decision).
It is book. I love book.
This has become my favorite book, i have read this a dozen times, very good quality paper and binding. Would definitely recommend this book, i love it!
Fast easy read good book.
A classic and more fun to read as an adult than when in school and thus forced to read it. Certainly has some life lessons, not sure if that is a good or bad thing though.
Relates to many different areas of business and life. Anyone interested in reading a timeless classic should make a note of this book.
For a book I consider required reading, this is a nice Kindle edition.  I'm a stickler for formatting, and although there would be a few changes I would make, the text is fairly accurate.
This is the best Kindle version I could find among other badly formatted, comment riddled versions on the Kindle Store but this one is nicely prepared and worth buying and reading. 10/10
I feel as though I can lead an army.
Tactics and philosophies from this book can be incorporated into any aspect of life that we face.
A Bible for future Military Officers
One of the first kindle books purchased. I enjoyed the simplicity of reading. The structure of the book and the information made for excellent reading. This book should be read by business people and leaders.
it takes awhile to understand how to read and interpit this book, a must read ,if you know anything about the art of war its not just about war its about life, should be mandatory read would recommend
Short version of the book. I wouldn't recommend getting this unless you want a short version.
Where’s the rest of the book? Shocked to receive a “summary” book and not the full text!! Rip-off central with this purchase and it doesn’t say anything in the description when purchasing!!
Laughable really...68 pages of bullet points. I feel like this is something that I would see while surfing facebook.
It is what I expected, needed my copy.
Thank you
A friend recommended that I read "The Art of War" by Sun Tzu and I had to look every where just to find an edition containing the words of Sun Tzu. Other reworks were filled with so much commentary that it was difficult to actually understand what Sun Tzu was saying. This copy gives of the work is clear and easy to read, it is extremely enticing and even though it was written more than 2500 hundred years ago, it is probably more relevant now than ever before. The introduction written by Steven Schrang is also enticing and gives great insight into who Sun Tzu was. Great Read!
a clasic
Tiny little book with so much information.
nice book. smaller than expected
Classic book. A must read for anyone looking for something different.
Teaches you a new way to think.
Thought it was longer but good read
I have been studying and reading and re-reading this book for inclusion in my studies in combat readiness, movement of troops and completion of battle in various locations and climates.  An excellent work.
I have read a few versions of The Art of War. This is my favorite version. I will have to read it a few more times before I will be self satisfied by the teachings.
Third reading.  Great and useful
I have multiple copies.  Recommended reading for any leader.
Great read though a tad challenging but that is what draws you in
It is The Art of War by Sunzi (translated to english). This is on The Comandant's Reading List for the United States Marine Corps. Read it, Understand it, Apply it to national policy, and gain understanding of war economics as well as the decline of the U.S. military as a fighting force.
I liked this book, It was interesting and a lot of what is said could apply not only to war, but to business, or to sport, or to teaching. Overall an interesting read.
Just horrible. I could've printed a nicer copy at home. About 30 pages long and felt like a high school student's summary of Sun Tzu's philosophy.
I purchased this as a gift for Christmas as it was on the recipient's Amazon list. They thanked me and were thrilled.
I think its a good book, I would know if I could get it back from my sons (-:
This is the book that men would want for general reading. Simple statements that can generate conversation. Easy.
This is the highly abridged version. Still some neat info
I liked the book because we all face the art of war in our daily lives. Wheather  we have to meet a deadline at work or working out to stay fit. The art of war is at play in our lives.
book is good, I guess I am just not into it like I tght I would be
An excellent book as everyone knows of course. A recommended read for all persons. A true timeless classic. A must read for any young adult or aspiring leader of men/women.
A classic of classics.  The man who best understood war has taught generations how prepare and prevent it.  Worthy of deep study and application in all aspects of life.
Very misleading. This isn't a real version of the book. It's just a summary.
I really like the messages of both, Hubbart's letter is incredible and full of good sense. The Art of the war, on the other hand, is a must for your life, it contains the solution for many human concerns. Both are amazing.
I think this is the cliff notes to the actual book.
I have heard this book referenced in popular culture for years as something that provided lessons in war that were applicable to conflict and contained good strategy advise across the spectrum.  I have to say, I agree.
A must read for anyone who has a tough struggle. This book is thin, light and perfect for travel. Not ideal as a gift ... It is flimsy if you want a nice copy, I'd look for another one.
Classic - be advised which version you buy. This was a lot smaller than I expected. That's on me tho ya digg? I recommend the "shambhala dragon edition" translated and edited by Thomas cleary It's got in-depth breakdowns of the material that pull from multiple perspectives.
This is so far from anything that resembles the original!
This is a book that focuses your mind and makes you think of things that would not commonly occur to you as a matter of strategy be it life, work or war.
And MORE NINJA'S. But really, what can I say, it's Sunzi's Art of War, you either want to read it, or you don't!
I read this and proceeded to beat my neighbor up. Good read.
A classic. I've listened to the audio book a few times, have read it in a business strategy class, and purchased it for my library. Would recommend
A classic, not to be missed. Very easy to read, practical adive. Applies to everyday life's decisions.
This is the BEST book on strategy that has ever been written! This book is timeless. I have seen strategies from this book utilized in business and politics. It does not take long to read, but has a wealth of information.
The art of war may be required reading at the war college but I did not enjoy the book. Too much conversation about women and not in a good way. I deleted it from my kindle.
I have heard about the book for years and so I was very curious what it was about.  It's not overly large so that is good for me.  I found the book to be informative and easy to read.Two thumbs up!!
A must read for anyone interested in politics/business/philosophy or just life in general. This has a lot of meaning to those who read it properly, though understanding all of it may take time.
This is NOT the full book. This is more of the Clifnotes edition of the book.
This is a very cheaply made book, pages in mine were detached and some were cut unevenly even though its brand new, its very short from what I remember too...
The Art of War is a timeless masterpiece of interaction of power and politics. It is about war and not war. This version is the one you want if you are interested in the simple, yet profound wisdom of Sun Tzu. I have tried several other versions edited and commented on, thoughts and ideas spun left and spun right by other authors. There is no spin here simple staright forward thought and principles.
A must read
Simple. Literally. Does provide good strategies.
Good read
A great classic warfare book written by a man ahead of his time. Very good read. Book came in paperback and is skinny/small, but looks well and is a highly recommended read for the price!
Highly recommend reading this book.  The philosophies behind the logic are practical enough for everyday use for example, negotiations.  It is no wonder why so many business professionals read this book.
Purchased as a gift. Thank you.
Exactly what I expected!
I would recommend this book to anyone in the military or in leadership. It gives great insight into strategic thinking.
the greats never become out dated.  the lessons in this book can be applied to most aspects of life. have wanted to read this for years getting it on amazon finally made it possible
Trustworthy seller!Very good book! Recommend
Great literary classic. Good quality for a trade paperback. Very fairly priced.  Nice glossy cover.
Not the original book. Cheap copy.
Interesting read.  Common sense suggestions and instructions that applies to more than war.
This a fun read.. very entertaining.
Since this great book now fits inside my phone it is not a bad app for the price. I definitely do not regret my purchase and think almost everyone who gets this will feel the same way.
👍
If you need tips on handling situations in every day life you will enjoy this book. People of all ages can get great advice from this read try it today!
Not the book by Sun Tzu,this a condensed, misspelled version.
Have not rade it all.
This version was straight to the point and not too long. Not sure if other versions were longer. Reads like an army commanders tips and tricks manual to running an army.
good read
This is not the entire book. I don’t even know what this is.
This book is a classic and should be read by anyone looking to get ahead in life. IT does not have to be about war as much as common sense about thinking ahead. Good read, good message.
wise man said some basic wisdom lines about life and struggle of life. human nature hasn't changed much so it is true even nowdays. a splendid prospective for any strategy student today
booyah
A great read. Teaches you lessons that can be used in your everyday life.
Nice addition to my library.
Not the full book! Misleading, do not buy,
The original Chinese might not have been perfect but the English translator could have done a better job elucidating on some of the passages.  Many are just plain sloppy.
I've not read any other interpretations but I feel like I'm missing something.
The simplicity and straightforwardness of this book is why it had survived for so many years. These truths in ancient warfare still hold true today. Know your enemy. Know when to attack to ensure victory. These simple will get you far in life.
I had to read this for a class and what I took away from it was the lessons have meaning in modern times and will be a source of knowledge for years to come.
Awesome book.
I read it already in French, and I did now in English
This is a nice presentation of an otherwise difficult read.  The book is well presented and of course a must read for business professionals ... just so you can hold your own when someone sitting across the table from Harvard Business School starts quoting it.  Perhaps overthought I'm sure their are better tools for getting it's point across there's nothing like the original.
Provides with logic and philosophy applicable to everyday life and business, great brain exercise. Helps if you can use your imagination to apply it to your life.
Great Read!
I can't tell you how frequently I lost upwards of 100,000 men in battle, that is, until I read this book. I was frequently losing men to fatigue, and simply not controlling my army effectively. After purchasing, my victory rate has increased significantly, and I am a much more trained war general. Very good day-to-day read for prospective buyers who control armies.
I bought this as I read another review which mentions this book as a better alternative. Was not as thrilled as I thought I would be. I have other books on the Art of War that are far more explanation and practical use driven than this one.  The principles are easy but sometimes it was the commentaries from other military science leaders that convoluted the meanings and put their "spin" on Tzu's philosophy. While this is good for some, I bought this book for myself and another to just get the nuts and bolts.
why haven't you ordered it yet
:D
Easy to follow and the fonts were large enough to read.
This is definitely a book that should be required as a read for anyone! Very well written, especially considering the fact that our was written more than 2,000 years ago.
An excellent price for a classic book.  Delivered promptly.
As Promised and on time.  Thanks
This was a great read.
Son not impressed
Highly regarded by my friends who served in the military, I found the book most interesting in that the supposedly real-life author, Sun-Tzu, penned a series of letters that b came one of the earliest handbooks of war fighting. The translation I read had way too much commentary inserted throughout the text, making it difficult to get into the rhythm of the book. And obviously, the translations that survived are incomplete. Chapters appear to be missing entire sections, there is much that is desultory and even contradictory (especially the many chapters and sections on terrain) and even more that is simply obvious, even in the era these writings were thought to be composed.
This version does include most if not all of the maxims in Sun Tzu's Art of War. Unfortunately, with no introduction, no context, no commentary, and no annotations (present in many other versions), it's hard to make any sense of this vague and metaphorical ancient text. I would advise against buying this version if you want a thorough understanding of this seminal work.
All warfare is based on deception. Quotes are applicable in all walks of life
The physical book is great and the contents are well worth the read!
The book is an outline of a book? Total waste of money
I get a little more out of this every time I read it, very deep.
dismt realize it was a cliff note version, my bad, quick delivery
This is a great book, our government should read it so we do not have extended wars that are not then net answer to a solution.
These were for a prison library.  Very helpful for the inmates.  Helps with chess and negotiation.
As described.
It arrived with other items in a big box but the item was in perfect condition
The book is not the complete version.
Amazing
Not a full length book. It doesn't say that in the product description. I feel tricked.
Classic book about ancient military strategy.  Many applications to military leadership but also to the business world.  Take time to read this classic.
excellent  nineteen more words not required, all i need is my personal opinion of this product still need more words.  this form is why more products are not reviewed
Great book that you can apply to your everyday life. I highly recommend people read this at least twice! That way you can get a better understanding of it.
good read explains warfare up to today this is great know how for a lot of things in life not just warfare pick this book up if you even have half a brain.
A++ if you want a basic translation. For the price it was worth it.
Good book
Small and nice printing. I hope to memorize this book and use the wisdom written in this book.
what time you need to kill a small amount of years and I have no choice but to be fair years and the green bay packers are not too much you're to the yard and got it from a bit late to
This is a great book.  "The art of war" teaches us not to fight a war if it's not a sure-win.  The philosophy behinds this is to reserve the scarce resources and human lives, never fight a war on impulse.  Plan, calculate, and win.  If not a sure-win, diplomacy and negotiation are preferred.  The original "The Art of War" in Chinese was written in 5th century BC, had only thirteen chapters and about six thousand Chinese characters, not a huge book, but the content was time-tested, proven to be effective even nowadays.  Read it, you won't regret.
This is the best edition for easy understanding.  Principles are still relevant in todays world.  I highly recommend this for anyone wanting to read the "Art of War"
It was O.K. but not what I expected.  Maybe better for you.
Outstanding book as accurate today as it was 1000's of years ago.
yea
Good quick.!
Amazing book. I will definitely be keeping this on my shelf and reading it again and again for years to come.
I liked it very much.  Can apply much of what I read to different aspects of life.
book in very good condition just like represented.  thanks
The book is more like cliff notes.
Buy it. Read it. Apply it to your life
Historically, this is a timeless book on successfully fighting and strategically planning battles.
Its doesn't really tell you how to do anything its all just proverbs and rules. Dont waste your money.
This piece has survived through the ages as a testament to the persistence of human spirit. While long and challenging,,this book will enlighten you greatly. Enjoy! :)
I received this book today, in great condition and quite quickly, but it is not as described.  It is only a translation and without any commentary as is mentioned in the product description.
GREAT
great book
The Art of War is so applicable to so many aspects of life, you simply have to read it to appreciate it. It's a free download on Amazon's Kindle, too, so you can't go wrong there.
Kind of a cut down version but still a good read. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who doesn't have a lot of time to read.
Fascinating must read for every war/military buff
This is a masterpiece I will read, and re-read, and re-read, until it becomes instinctual.
MANY OF TODAYS MILITARIES HAVE THIS AS REQUIRED READING FOR THEIR OFFICERS, INSIGHT, COMMON SENSE AND GREAT STRATEGY, SFTER READING THIS, I IMPROVED MY CHESS GAME
This would be better for a solider.
The book is probably not as smoothly produced / edited as other versions of The Art of War.  Compare the presentation of a couple of versions before settling on the one that suits you best.
Great buy. Worth every penny.
I have read approximately 1/4 of the book and I like it very much.  I appreciate it since I served in the Military of the United States of America and a proud Veteran
damn when i read this book i feel like im in the war and im godmode everyone just can't kill me damn i so pro
NIce deal
Excellent book!  Truly a must read classic!
Wish I had this in the military!!
The concepts that are described in the writings of Sun Tzu work equally well in warfare and in business.
Learn what he knew thousands of years ago... applies to war, business and life.
I found large chunks of the book were missing in this format.  At the time I bought this, i didn't know how common this is in "public domain" works.
It is written as a war tactic manual by a couple thousand year old Chinese dude. Insert sarcasm after this point.
Basically a quick summary. gets to the point.
The Art of War - Kindle Edition ~ I have heard about the Art of War for some time now and decided to read it.  I am mostly through it and it is as much a life guide for those like Donald Trump or John D. Rockefeller to win at all costs as it is a guide to Warring.  It points out much as to how you should handle situations and like the bible for the needy, it is rather written as hyperbole and generalities of situations not a detailed explanation of each battle situation.  I really emphasizes deceit and distraction rather than actually just racing to battle.  Preparation and patience are also much of the emphasis.  It OK, but of course it is a basic primer.
I love this book!!!!
ok
Nice quality for a paperback.  Glossy cover and easy read font size.
Everybody should have the opportunity to read this book. It has been quoted by many people over the course of the years. Buy it and enjoy it
I read this in the bathroom when pooping. Get's the job done.
Contradictory instructions for how to win a military campaign.  Just about anything you do could be wrong or right.  Translation could have been much better.  If you are a military freak, it is a must read.
Over-hyped - not so great.
Item as described.Great price and great service!
item as described
Cliff notes version
Can learn so much from a classic <333
Recieved a highlighted copy.
it's Ok
Weird.
Smaller than I thought but great book fr
This book had tons of useful knowledge that I personally feel could be used in everyday life. How you tackle your problems head-on to how to avoid certain problems altogether. Great buy to better enrich your life as well as your thinking.
my own copy
Would give 0 stars if I could. Just a random persons clif notes summary. Do NOT buy.
It is good quality but i think some stuff is missing from the original. Also needs to be spell checked. I found some grammatical errors.
Perfect
A interesting description of the oriental mind and how it crafted the outcome of various wars. A primer for military students
All warfare is based on deception.
For anyone who wants to learn the history of warfare and strategies revolving around it, this is the book for you. Perfect for tacticians and strategists alike.
NOT ACTUAL BOOK.  Summary of book not the full text
This is not a book in the sense I thought it would be.  It looks like a cut/copy/paste of some content stapled inside a cheap cover.
Was pleasantly surprised when we got the book. It got here 2 days ahead if schedule and was new . Bought it as used if it is used who ever owned it never broke the spine.
Don't buy
Perhaps I have been spoiled by the James Clavell writing of this classic but I was less than impressed with this version it just didnt seem to have the feel I expected.
My order shipped on time, It was in good condition and the shopping cost was reasonable. The book itself was great. Although it was a coffee table version, the text was clear and the few illustrations were also clear.
Good book so far, however, I will say some of the vocabulary used stumped me a bit but the book overall is great!
Great book
Always a classic
I love these classic books!! They are timeless and never get old. Anyone can relate to the characters, and that's what makes them so amazing!!
classic book it iss a quick easy read and extremely insightful even with its age
Too many notes by the author. It breaks up the text too much. Great stuff, just poorly placed IMO. Ta-da!
100%
Can be more concise, overall good book
NOT THE FULL BOOK , VERY MISLEADING , NOT COOL
For business, for everyday life, and more... I evaluated this book with a 5 star because I have been using the suggestion it's giving in real life. And it's certainly help. At least it's helps you to make a decision, promptly.
Great book....
An excellent book on strategic planning that can be applied to your daily life in work or dealing with people.
Good Book
This is an excellent edition and translation of this classic. The forward's essay is essential to contextualize The Art of War and its philosophical context, and the words of Sun Zi are followed by notes from well-known strategists.
Book is total BS!!!!  This is nothing more than a summary at best of Sun Tzu writings.  It was a waste of money and I would advise any person to be dilligent in verifying what you are buying.
If you want to study Sun Tzu's philosophy this is not the book to order.  The worst translation I've ever seen.
I thought this was by Sun Tzu
Short book and to the point just like I like it. A wealth of information that you can use in other areas of your life.
I should have checked but I was really disappointed that the book was so incredibly thin. For the price, I can't really complain.
Solid advice that lasts throughout the centuries - unfortunately this advice comes from a monster of barbaric proportions.
Interesting. Thanks fast service
A very good version of the manuscript. Sincerely, Terrence W.
Hubby loves it!
Great book I recommend it for anyone who likes to learn about the real world.
The "First Thus edition" from Filiquarian publishing is a terrible translation. I suspect they used Google Translate with a bit of help from a human. (They don't even list the translator.) As another reviewer pointed out, it reads like those terrible instructions you get in cheap Chinese products. This book (as with many historical books) is difficult to shop for on Amazon. I'm headed to my local B&N to flip through different translations.
Buyer beware! This is not the actual book. It is a scam!
Great
one of many books that teaches how we should live our lives
It's a book that can be applied to far more than war.  One of a very small selection of books that I keep re-reading.  Besides, I couldn't beat the price.
The strategies taught apply to everything in life, business and work. So basically it teaches how to strategize properly. It is a must read.
More people should read this book in today's society!!!
It’s a great book. It teaches you a lot of different materials. I just wanted to read it. I had heard good reviews about it so I wanted to see for myself
amazeballs
I had to study sections of this in the US Army, while training to work in Military Intelligence.
You be ashamed of yourself.  Very misleading.  Do not buy.
Great book.  A must read.  So many modern day correlations
I now know how to defeat my enemies
It met my expectations. There was great ancient incite between the covers.
Its a lot smaller then I though it would be, I thought it would be the full book. But that is probably my fault for not reading all the information.
Very nice classic book! Everyone should read this book!! I like this book a lot, but i also like 48 laws of power better!
Thanks
Great vision of an ancient warrior. While a number of his thoughts are common sense he has had the forsight to put them all into practice which has made him China's greatest General. reat read
Great book to live life by. You can read a page  a day and apply it to your personal and professional  life  situations.
An excellent book that has application to the business world, life and military as well.
Amazing book with great insight! Thankful that I read it!
Thank you very much
anybody with an ambition to excel at almost anything should read this book.. its not a narrative, and can be read in small amounts without the danger of missing something.. just some very interesting, and widely applicable, anecdotes and philosophies..
A must
Awesome Book
very good reed book came fast and in great shape very happy lot of help full think came from this book that can be applied to life it self !
I have never been to war. So I would never stand in judgment of those who have .  Fundamental and sound strategies-
Condensed version, don't waste your money.
Four stars due to the translation which was a little sloppy. Otherwise, an interesting read that I always thought about reading.
Wow this is a fantastic little book! I'm so happy it found its way to me!
It's ok. I am sure he was way before his time.
My expectations were way too high when I ordered this book, so I was somewhat disappointed. Not that its a bad book. I just expected something different. Keep an open mind.
. . . not like the book. The CD left out too much information. Too expensive for one CD.
I bought this book 8 years ago and to this day I still read it, it has really helped me with my life tactics in business and work.
Great book! No wonder it's among the books that all managers have to read. Absolutely recommended to anyone who wants to learn to rule their life.
I finally ran out of excuses for not having a dead tree copy of this.
This is a work that changes each time you read it. The text doesn't necessarily change, but you change your interpretation each time.
Just as described.
A classic.  Each translation a little different.  Each reading reveals something previously unseen.
It's the art of war .enough said.
Any and everyone interested in leadership should read this book.  The situations addressed in the book can be applied to all kinds of situations in war, in business, in leading any body and in many other facets of life.
It's simply put together, this is a must read staple.
Great book. A must read.
Just as applicable today (if not more so) as when it was written 2000 years ago.  Some great quotes throughout
Although written thousands of years ago, it's relevant today
I love the size of book and the various Chinese illustrations inside that mark the beggining of a chapter
I was hoping for something that was more readable and understandable. I thought that this book provided strategies in short form but it does not.
Great read
war is deception
Not the entire book, more like a summary.
its cheap because it is some sort of reduced size reprint. Guess it is nice to carry around as it is small.
Cant get enough of this.. wonderful read
Classic book on war to help you in business.
Great, thanks
40 page, short version
Excellent book. I recommend it to anyone in a leadship role. In fact, I have recommended to my friends, when we often get into those heated political discussions.
It is a really good translation.
Great buy, learning alot!!!
Awesome!!!
Great Classic to read.
Interesting read, not too dense but full of unique viewpoints to consider.
Great
Great book! Very dense, and the lessons contained within still applies to today.
It came quickly. No shipping with prime.  The product was described correctly. I would buy again. A must read. Useful for a lot of things in life.
GREAT PRICE AND A LOT CHEAPER THEN STORE...
interesting book
A must have for any book shelf! Nice short timeless quips of knowledge.
Just wow
With this guide, I was able to defeat all of my enemies except one, otherwise 5 stars.
The art of war the best strategist book
Everyone should read this book.
Excellent!
needed another copy, so went for Kindle edition
A must read very political leader and military personnel and anyone interested in the logic of battle.
as described
I purchased this as something that i would look at over time to see the principles noted.  I know some business people who have read this so I was interested.  It's OK..
This was the real deal unlike some other for sale on Amazon. It makes a great gift for any history buff or any manly man!
I recommend that everyone pick-up this book!!
Well edited version of Sun Tzu's writing. Product came as described and on time. No complaints.
It's an old book to that I was required to read. Its not something I would  pay to read again but worth the a first time read.
read read read! just do
Read this as an assignment. Great read. Is still used as an aide for some military and businesses.
I thought this was the whole real book no it's not it's just quotes. Bamboozled don't buy!
A very old book its content is taught in all our military war colleges
I first read this classic text in hard copy and purchased this kindle version to have as a ready reference.  I was very disappointed in the poor quality of the editing and formatting of this kindle edition.  This version contains no chapter stops and has numerous flaws including but not limited to inconsistent indentations, Incomplete paragraph breaks and the use of "-" instead of proper horizontal line breaks. The text itself is little changed from the translation made a hundred year ago (as I believe it should be).  My negative rating on this book is restricted to the poor presentation on kindle and if it is fixed and uploaded to my kindle I would be happy to change my rating.
I can't wait to read it. It came right on time along with some other ones that I ordered
Gift for a friend who loves it-it's a classic.
smart man great wisdom for any country or marriage
great read
Good read but needed to ask questions to get an understanding about his principals...Still growing lol!!!
perfect
Nice font size, well constructed paperback.
Chapter One is the most important, after that, it's a bit monotonous. An interesting and quick, short read.
While this book's title suggests that it's for war, it's been used in business for decades as the source for smart business leadership.
Exactly what I wanted.
challenged my perspectives
Always good to have a copy of this classic around!
Just buy it.  It's that insightful and you can quickly apply it's logical to just about any situation in your life.
One of the Classics
Great book and not adulterated by biased publishers
Small book, more like a pamphlet, but very well made and helpful.
Good reading that it can be related to every day life as how to treat people and what to spect from them
I have read and referenced this book several times in my life. If you are one of the few that have not read this, it is time.
Exactly as described, Very happy.
Very impactful, well written and intelligent... A good book for men ,women and older children , alike.... A MUST read..
Top notch.
This is not the real book, it's just a 20 pages of it, or maybe not I have no idea
This is not the full book. It's only excerpts & that's not what I was looking for. For the price I expected the full book,
I like the way it's laid out and seems like a very good reproduction of a classic text.
Enjoyed it. Read it in small chunks at a time. Good advice that can be applied to the business world.
Must read for anyone serious
Just as advertised, Happy with product
Historically significant, and definitely worth reading.
Words to live by
Very informative and enlightening methods of war for that time in history.
Overall simple read. I would recommend to anyone.  Useful in life, business, war, and romance.  Noticed a few typos and probably some mistranslations.  However nothing terribly distracting.
I found this book to be full of good advice that you can incorporate into your everyday life. (within reason, lol) This book doesn't read like an ordinary book, it reads like Proverbs.
Good overview of common sense military tactics. Often quoted in military circles, yet not implemented as often as it should be. Book is alright, just dated a little and probable should only be used as a primer or beginning step. The world may have changed a bit since this was written, but the human element has not. Take this as a beginning step only. The book should be owned by every member of the military, law enforcement, salesmen, and those that enter into negotiations.
just highlights of the original book.  very bland
A classic that I got for free with kindle.  For that price, who could say no?  Interesting little book that I read back in college.
Excellent Book gone Audio! Cant get any better than this! There is so much to learn in this book and now you can listen to it!
I highly recommend reading this book.
Spot on
you figure it out
This is a "must read" for anyone going into a combat situation. Although written long ago thhe tactics of war and the rules of victory have not changed. This book is not only for the combat bound soldier, many  of its faacts can be appllied to life in general.
A short read, interesting.  Not a lot of depth.  But clear wisdom gathered by mistakes
The real deal.  Tons of good information to help you better understand what it takes to actually keep a fighting army in the field.
Nothing more, nothing less than expected.
I was expecting this to be much longer. This is a series of excerpts. If you're looking for a more detailed translation of the full book go for the one by Ralph D. Sawyer.
Its a very old book...interesting read...but it has been around so long that you cant discredit its credentials as being a good book
Very interesting for someone with military experience.
Great, classic book on strategy. Everyone should have a read of this at least once.
This is a classic and must read for high energy business people.
Good book. I bought out for my husband and he liked it.
One of the best books ever written
My husband loves this.
Expected the full book, this is a summary of sorts. I should have checked the page count. Oops
Sunzi is a genius.  Run your life based on this book and you will come out on top or at least not get run over by the competition.
Replaced this book for one I had years ago and gave away.
This is  a great book, able to be applied to most of life. Work, family, friends. I will certainly re-read it.
Very practical tips that will last for ever.Knowing yourself is the essence of all wisdom,and combine that with knowing your enemy to achieve success.
Enlightening war strategy
I don't read too many books anymore, since my vision's gotten worse,  but this book is a must read for everyone
Just what I was looking for.
This is a very good read. I can recommend this to anyone that would like to gain the insights of Sunzi
Perfect transaction
It's a must read for anyone in military, business or any leadership role. Actually everyone should read it.
this is a gift for an employee, this is my favorite translation of the art of war
Hype Aside... An interesting read from days of Oriental Yore. An amazing glimpse of that epoch.
Very good book
Greatest Combat book available
Standard reading in war colleges and always worth referring back to for understanding of warfare.
This is not the book by Sun Tzu. It is summary notes by someone who read it.
no blemishes, thank you
Excellent product
Ready to go to war at the office, with my friends, or on the actual battlefield. A great book showcasing how to be victorious!
What is best way to learn? How about from the master if its good enough for officers in the military good enough for me.
This is not the actually book it’s just notes be aware
The information is awesome.  The writing is stiff and requires focus and determination to read.  A war bible for every walk of life.
too much history and too many forgettable names I was more interested in the meat of the philosophy of Sun Tzu
Insightful.
I can see that many that have done well throughout time,started with many of the ideas in this book
Seriously it does not start that this is a summary!!!!  don't by this unless you want the notes
Another foray into the philosophy of war.  Still don't think it should be the way humanity continues to go, when there are excellent alternatives.  Received in good condition.
Wanted to read this ever since I saw it mentioned on "Thirtysomething."
Enlighten
I see this book as more of a philosophy. The contents can be applied to many situations in life, not just war.
Excellent
Im going to be much more difficult to argue with now!  GRRRRR!!
hard to read
A good read even if your not in business, a book to read over again from time to time to gain insights and stratagies  for dealing with people in all aspects of life.
Timeless classic.  I learn something new every time I read it.
Great if you want to read one passage a day. It might be cheaper to buy a WU-TANG cd and listen to one song a day.
This is not what I actually wanted and it is a bit childish but gets the point across. Learn to be the enemy
Simple and to the point.
A must read book for all strategists, not just for soldiers and generals.  Use it in marketing, management, and even in love
This is a classic. Considering war as an art, it goes much further. A real teaching on thinking. Timeless. A must.
Great book
ok
It's not hard to understand why this book is a classic.  The Art of War is the art of success.
Very abstract, but a great book indeed.
I got this because it sounded good, and how can you pass up a Kindle freebie. Besides a good classic is hard to pass up.
A classic.
Got this for my nephew. He is already changing his outlook
This is an absolute classic that any business man or woman should read.
Exactly as described!  Great product, shipping and all around experience!!!  Highly recommend!!!
This book has lots of practical advice for any who have an ear to hear it.  It is relatively short, and the book is written in short tidbits that are easy to digest.
Thank you so much for the timely delivery. Thank you so much for the great service and great product!!! A+++
The Art of War, if you're going to buy it no comment or review is going to stop you.  Enjoy the book.
Great
great book and it's great on the kindle.  i love how the kindle makes the books so interactive.  i definitely recommend the book.
Awesome! feels like quality looks like quality and performs like it too... cant go wrong get this doit just do it
The format is NOT the best... Content is OK. I'd not buy it from Amazon again...
Great
great for business too
This is not the book, it is a summary. A bad one. Not worth the money
A good and interesting read. The content is definitely applicable to multiple spheres of life. Leaders will greatly benefit from reading this book.
Didn’t know I was ordering a shortened version 👎🏻
As described and expected.
literary masterpiece for free on your mobile device, if you complain you will just sound spoiled and dumb, so don't
Love this book and would recommend for all, especially managers.
Essential reading for those interested in military tactics. It reminded me again how tied we are to ancient ideas.
This was actually the first time I read this book, I'm very glad I got it, and the ebbok format is very convenient.
The principles in this book can be applied to many areas of life. Solid book, quick read. Would recommend to anyone.
Great! Thanks!
Great condition
Cheap and arrived in a timely fashion. The product is great and works well, I would do business again with this seller.
Good
Bit disappointing compared to the quality of the ones I saw at B&N and Costco after the purchase.
Thought this was the full book.
This book allows me to see things differently when it comes to handling small to big scale conflict.
thanks, my son loves it
Great Book
Good to read on the train to and from home.
Classic book and it was free.  What else do people want.  Beggars can't be choosers (that's what my Ma always said).
very good item, like all SUnzi  products, the quality of the materials give a you a mark of resistence and durability
Great!
Much better than hardcover copy from book store
This is a satisfactory book but the translation could be more precisely done in English. The book is good enough for general information but I felt a little more background would have been of help.
You never know what tactic will come next!
I originally purchased multiple copies of this translation as a going-away present for a couple of coworkers, and I was so impressed with the quality of the translation and the simple, unembroidered way that it was presented that I am going to order an additional copy for myself within the next week.
Great read and relevant to today's world. Excellent Kindle version making all of this work readily accessible.  Thumb's up!!!
Very wise tactical methods which stand the test of time.
ok
Nothing special here. Just a good bound version of an already classic work. For the price, this is worth picking up and having in your literary arsenal.
Just needed a back up or extra to give someone, works perfect.
this book is for everyone that wants to learn the art of strategy and organization. Although written for war the book can be easily used in everyday business situations. The only drawback with the book is it was written in Chinese so translation can sometimes seem a little confusing. Some parts I had to re-read twice in order to understand what was being said.
This is a staple in his education.  He wants to go into the military and appreciates it's references for school.
The Art of War read less about the acts of war and more how to conduct ones self in life matters. U Yes there are specific points of how to attack and from where, but by the time it is completed it felt more like is was giving life lessons as well. I thought it odd and inspiring in a way that the author could merge these thoughts rather the solely concentrate on how to kill your enemy. I'll be reading it again.
Not the full book, don’t waste your money
Thought there was more to it.
Short, sweet and to the point.  Very useful in business.  I love the audio book and the written book.  I would buy it again.
I was taking a philosophy class at college and had to write some papers. These proved to be helpful during the class.
About what I expected. Interesting reading!
great book !!
Good book,liked reading  !...
Bought for my 17 year old son,he had to read it for school and he loved it. He said it was the best book.
The only downside of this book is the fact that every newly minted MBA-turd quotes it.
I use this book to defeat all of my enemies and so far I have destroyed them all!  Works best as a club from behind!
Makes you think of life and how society has came a long way. These ideas are the foundation for years to come.
This book is very helpful for students studying political science, history, business, criminal justice or even understand terrorism. The Art of War was mentioned numerous times in my understanding terrorism course and is very helpful to understand techniques that guerrilla and terrorist groups have used from the book.
Recommend for anyone that wants to learn about the military ideas or plans that are required to win a war.
Pleased with the service and product.
Timeless reading never outdated
This book is a way to learn how to deal with other and life itself!!
Its for school
Life wisdom....great book.
great book
A classic. Very helpful I all walks of life.
An all-time classic on strategy.  I found the new content to be somewhat esoteric and just skipped all the parts in the brackets.
Excellent!
One of the greatest books I have ever read on strategy and tactics. I really like it.
These are the only brand I will use.  They give me just what I need and I will continue to use them in the future.
Only 20 pages long. Not the real book.
not the real book just an over priced cliff notes bur it did arrive quickly
Interesting read, you can learn some things from it.
Basis of practically all military policies throughout history.
Very happy with this book, no regrets, money well spent. Should have bought this books months ago. Nothing like a good book .
I thought it was the original thick book but it was the new short book
very nice book.
Great book - excellent gift.
This is the bible on warfare and it is timeless! Small but great book. I'm very glad it's still available.
Really just a bunch of quotes, it's an alright book but nothing to wow me.
Great book, glad I finally replaced my original copy.
thanks
Very nice read applicable to setting strategy and tactics whether in war, sports, business, or politics.  I found it meaningful to identify analogies for some of the truths that are outdated.
Rip off!!! This is not the full book
Great Book . Very good book for moving your life along in a positive way. A good read for anyone.
Great book, quick read that’s very interesting.
Already good at the beginning. The points are valid.
I read it to help me with my poker game. It can be helpful in any type of leadership role.
Good advice for anyone. Applicable for everyday life.
Classic.
I have to agree with the review that I read before I purchased the book. The author really does not know when to shut up.  The Art of War and other works from Asia (allow me to recommend Go Rin No Sho by Miyamoto Musashi) really benefit from some perspective and discussion from the translator.  I get that. This guy has to interject his thoughts right in the middle of the source work. Often his thoughts are many times longer than the text that is the focus of his ramblings. But don't be dissuaded from taking on this master piece because of this, after a few moments you will learn how to skip the blather (the first quarter of the book and then sometimes 2 &  3 pages at a time) and read the book as translated.  On the second read through maybe the third,  go ahead and enjoy what our author has to share. His perspective is not bad,  but the book is an editorial nightmare.
Nice to have on kindle fire.
This was too short and was misleading, it did not indicate the length of the CD.  The original book is very lengthy.
good reading for the mind.
Excellent.
Classic Novel that should be read by anyone looking for an advantage in life
Great deal for the price
This is an amazing book!  It has lived up to all of my expectations.  My husband hates to read but he read this book and loved it!  Very very Good Book.
Good
This very condensed version of Sun Tzu's The Art of War would be better as a pocket version for quick reference.
This is not the original Art of War by Sun Tzu as I thought it was and the picture indicates.
Good book.
I am kind of torn on how many stars to give this as the product itself (the audio book) is great, but the actual content is retarded. Sun Tzu spouts off a bunch of useless crap like: "If you march fifty LI in order to outmaneuver the enemy, you will lose the leader of your first division, and only half your force will reach the goal. If you march thirty LI with the same object, two-thirds of your army will arrive." Thank you Sun Tzu, for summarizing war into neat little equations for us: Function for computing losses during outmaneuver operation: F(x) = (if x = 50 then 1 leader and 0.50 of force else if x = 0.333 then 0.6667 of force)
Good book.
everyone needs to read
very helpful
fast shipping, item is exactly as described
One of the greatest books of all time.
Good Book.
This should be required reading for anyone over the age of 12. Buy it now, read it, and apply it in everyday life.
How to win your battles well earned and spy on the enemy and is great for tactics of ying and yang
The Art of War provides a timeless framework for evaluating adversaries in conflicts.
Do not buy the Filiquarian Publishing version.  The translation is poor as well as the editing.  It reminds me of reading unintelligible assembly instructions for foreign products You will not enjoy reading this book. It is a great book but not this version.
Exactly what I wanted it
Very good item and soon shipping.
I always go back to read this book recommended by my son, love it is one of my leadership book that I use a lot of quotes from.
It is the book all business people need. It show simple ideals  to simple situation for everything! I recommend it to all
Contains several incorrect quotes, misattributed to Sun Tzu.
read before entering west point
Came really fast and in good condition.
An ebook the should be in everyones library and read frequently.........
Interesting, easy and fast paced read
a must to have! Can zero in on the cause of problems and offer creative solutions
Great book! A must have!
This is an awesome book! I find myself referring to it in most aspects of my personal and professional life.
classic book, shame more people don't heed the advice.
We're currently processing your review and we will email you at c as soon as this is complete. Good bye.
I heard this book was really really good, so I purchased it but I haven't read it yet. Good Service.
Timeless classic for understanding the daily struggle of humanity otherwise known as life
Thank you!
A+++
I dunno man it's a book what do you want me to say?
The translation is nice, not much lost in the translation. The condition of the book is great and fast shipping.
Great book for a great price. When you can find literature like this for free you can't help but download it.
very good service and product
good book, can apply it to many different aspects of life
Lost interest and didn't finish boring dry dull it on to put back it it it iti it it it
a must read. alotta the tactics r already in place in our country with all the diversionary tactics in this book.
I did not read this book, but my husband had read it many years ago and was looking for a copy.  He says there are many good concepts in this book.
spine broken
Great book, written thousands of years ago but all its concepts still applies to warfare as well as business today
A wonderful book to learn from past ages strategy that is timeless. My18 year old son asked for Christmas. I guess college is helping!
Great book!  A must read for everyone!
Classic what else to say. I own at least 4 copies.
Was exactly as stated.
Really enjoy this book! A classic!
I made it through. That's all we can ask for from my very limited reading skills. Have a good year
Amazing book, must read classic!
It is a little shorter than I expected but a great book none the less.
good book and story and best of all free what more could you want free everyone should read great for collage and military
Interesting Read. Contains Much Wisdom. Sun Tzu Is Brilliant!
Exactly as described.
Good read. Good addition to the library.
Hard to understand
What you see is what you get, great product, the same as in the detail, I recommend this Item to everyone.
Audio is a bit stiff, but the book is great.
Most people go through life using tactics. While Sun Tzu does give great tactical advice, he also show in this book that having an overall strategy is the key to success.  It is a military guide, but after all isn't life a war?  Great book and if can learn to apply to your world, you'll find yourself with a very different outcome than usual.  Success for the long run.
Purchased for a class and it was exactly what I needed.
I enjoyed reading this simple and to the point translated version of the book. The translated text of The Art of War means that the meaning of the words have further been interpreted for the English language. It allows therefore the reader to interpret also the words for the modern day context of daily life.
It was good reading. Short and concise for the price.
I can't get my husband to join me using this product with an e reader. With the book it's great
i thought it would be better but it is still a good read.
This is one of those classic must read books. It has been around for ages and for good reason too.
Great product.
amazing price
Good
Don't remember a thing about this book.
A gift and it was used, not much else to say, if you like the book, this will be used
as expected
A very insightful book that can be taken metaphorically as well as literally. This books reads in a number format that simply gives tips on warfare.
Who doesn’t love this book?
it should say in the title that this is a small version without commentary. only 60 pages or so.
Well packaged, fast delivery. Thx.
This book is a necessary read for all students of history.  This is a manual for life, read it carefully to digest all that is written.  Because it is ancient and translated it may be a little difficult to understand at first, but take your time and enjoy! Rev. Sandra Spencer Abbey of Avalon
Gave as a gift to my wife and she loved it.
This book is a definitely must read. Each statement makes you think.
Excellent bare bones version of the classic.  No commentary etc.  Just the original book
I have read or attempted to read several versions and this is one of the best lay outs that I have read.
Actually,it's enough to attract me.
This was a written around the 5th or 6th century B.C. by Sun Tzu, one of the most powerful Chinese generals of that era. Spoken basically like proverbs, he gives a general overview of conducting war. I didn't care for the commentaries, that went with it, but I absolutely LOVED the thoughts of Sun Tzu. Not only does it open your eyes to the fact that warfare is more than what occurs on the battlefield, but also the tactic that the enemy uses against us.
Very pleased
I consider this book because fundamentals of war it describes, is on point. As I am reading I visualized the plots taking place. When I was I reading the book drew me in and I wanted more.
We love it, just what we ordered.
Great book
A pure masterpiece written by, arguably, the greatest military mind that ever has walked this planet. I will read his over and over.
great book
War. When to do it, why to do it, how to do it. A step by step instruction manual on how to wreak havoc and influence people. If you enjoy war as much as I do, this is a must read.
Good philosophy to follow.
I can't really review books that well since books come in various tastes, but if you're looking to catch up on the classics for fun or  because it's on your bucket list, I'd strongly recommend you pick this up.
Good reading to fill a few minutes here and there.  How can you complain about a free e-book? ? ?
GREAT BOOK. DELIVERED IN A TIMELY MANNER, & GREAT PRICE!
Must have
Great history book
A classic. The foreword is a wonderful read.
good read
Meh, I thought most of this was just common sense.
Tried a couple other well known versions of Sun Tzu's book and they don't stand up to Clave's edit.
It's the art of war
Book ended up being just the cliffnotes, I though I was getting the whole book.  Probably missed that in the product description.  It still let me get a decent idea of what the book was about, but it was a pretty quick read.
Great book as a gift!
It's Sun Tzu...
Excellent summary of warfare.  Today, tomorrow, and yesterday.
* Cheap binding * Cheap paper * Poor translation * Typesetting looks like it was done in Notepad * Lots of grammatical errors * Paragraphs not laid out correctly I bought this for my father as a Christmas gift and was taken aback at the low quality of this product. Seems like it was self-published or similar. Would NOT recommend.
Must read for business
Great advice for today.
I've read it six times. Each time I get something out of it.
Kind of a dry read for my taste but with good content. Many items are there for review and application to extended ideas.
Ok, but dated.
Its not an accident that this wisdom has been passed down through the ages. The philosophy can be applied to just about any area of life!
Very good experience  . . . would defintely order from Vendor again .  . . . . . . . .
Found it for free - not really an easy read, but a good read.
The introduction is the best part of this book. I think that's the closest you can get to a biography of Sunzi, so that's good. But the book itself is very confusingly formatted. The organization is completely unclear; it does not read like a text so much as a list. There are so many additions and footnotes that it is not clear where Sunzi ends and where  Cleary begins.
A Classic.  Rereading it is always a gaining of new insights.
While reading the art of war, I immediately realized the influence this book has said not only in military strategy but also in business. The strategies mentioned in the book has been repeated throughout history and I enjoyed that the Chinese General was very straightforward in good descriptions. No sugar coding, no complex metaphors, is all black and white and its up to the reader to form hisher opinion on it. I'm positive many corporate tycoons used the strategies for corporate takeovers and countries have used the book as a way to win wars and sack cities. This can be pretty dangerous season in the wrong hands so I recommend anyone in a leadership position to delve into this short but concise book for a few hours.
Exactly what I paid for
read it again!  easy in my spare time on my phone
I would recomend this to anyone who wants to succeed in anything they do, It is not just about lessons in war but can be used and applied for everyday life. Great buy! God bless!
Great product.  Exactly as described.  Fast shipping. A+++
Excellent
THUMBS UP
Good book, better versions are available on Amazon though.
Great book and great price
Not complete works. Not good for a school edition
Does what it's supposed to do
Classic lessons
For those war nuts who like to better understand. quick read.
Love it
Excellent word and tactics to live and fight for.
Still a modern reference for the psychology of war.
Great so far
Must read for everyone.
Great read
Good book to compare modern military theory to the past.
good
Like tink
Don't be an idiot. Just read this book.
Love love love these books.
Some great advice in here. The whole book is literally aphorism after aphorism.
Every military person should read this
I may have ordered the wrong version of this book because it was not at all what I expected.
I received Thomas Cleary's translation of Sun Tzu's "Art of War" in a trouble free, very timely fashion, for a great price.  When it arrived, I found the book in excellent condition, which is good as I bought the book brand new.  Overall, I couldn't be happier with the purchase.
Good resource for most Social Studies Classrooms
Good book about strategy.
I am a military person, and I have read it many times.  Every time I read it, I find information that I that I have not found before.
Poor attempt
As advertised. Would buy from seller again.
A Great Book to read
Very insightful, even after several thousand years
Great read!!
great read
love it!
Great strategist!
Books are fun!
Life is about challenges, obstacles, this book is a fast easy read, and helps you handle this world we live in.
Almost incomprehensible at times. Would not buy again.
:-)
The best damn tactics and strategy book ever.
great book
Very good condition book, great reads.
so-so............I found the syntax boring
Its hard to recommend this book enough. A must read for everybody.s
Great read!
Bought The Art of War paperback as part of a stocking stuffer set. Did not realize my son has a Hard Bound copy from years ago. He still loves this one as he can take it when he has to go somewhere he knows he'll have to sit/stand and wait.
My expectations were met
What would Sun Tzu think about his book being rated on Amazon? He would probably have something really wise to say.
Have read before several times and given away my copy.  This one will Be kept and given to s grandson when old enough.  The world is not all seashells and balloons and critical thinking needs to be taught
Everyone should have a copy of this classic around to glance at occasionally.  I suspect it still is a textbook at West Point.
Really good book i have read it so many times
The Arts should be studied
all good
It is a well-written book.  You will learn a lot.
Very straightforward edition.  Nice layout, easy to read.
Classic book reprint
You can apply this to everything! Short and easy read. My brother does not read so I was trying to get him into the habit. Gave him this book and he loves it.
This is a GREAT item.
not the full text #payattentiontowhatyouorder
What a great book. I see why this book is a bokk recomended for West Point students. It can help anyone in their day to day trials.
a
This is not The Art of War. This is a shortened, listed version that does not contain all of the information. I was very disappointed to receive this.
Very nice read! A classic.
One of the best books ever written
have read "more" than once
mehh
Good book....great edition.
great
good
shorter than expected
Life changing book
A stable in my collection!  Well written and simple.
Very difficult read, but lots to learn from it.
Ordered the wrong thing. That was my fault
great
I love it
best ever!!!!
Great book. Great price. Great service.
Great epic book. Great edition.
Thanks.
A sound testimony to the ins and outs of warfare and politics. A must for anyone seaking self improvement.
But it was not rec'd on my kindle. And I would like to get in the near future.
Excellent book. A classic.
Great book that challenges the mind
Great item! Shipped quickly.
A must read, in life, family, business, or any fact of life
Good read
Perfect.
Love it !
great book
son read it, loved it
In my Professional Library
What a great book of common sense and Long life lesson in daily lives.  Makes me want to play chess.
Great book!
Good read. I think some pages are excluded from this copy though. But nevertheless it was very informative. It's principles can be used in day to day living.
bought for wife, she loved book.
I likes reeedin
I don't care what your major or profession is. You need to just take some time, sit down and read this book. Its lessons translate to any field, any degree or any business type.
Got it in new condition
Interesting reading
Thank you!
Great Product, would recommend to all.
A book of rules
Excellent transaction and shipping, thanks!
Never actually read this, I just downloaded it to try out my Kindle app on Android.  It worked and for a FREE classic how are you going to complain!
Love it. There are so many good strategy tip use in life. Very easy read.
arrived in good condition
Inspiring...
A must have for the planner and Leader.
As advertised
This ebook was good. I enjoyed it's use.
Came on time and inact
As expected!
Great book download was easy price was right.
It's good, typing errors after typing errors.  Sentences not spaced.
I love this book. I can use what Sun Tzu is pointing out in his book and apply to my life.
interesting book
As expected
Good stuff.
good
Classic for military buffs.
very good
A MUST READ!!!!!
good book would recommend this to anyone to read. very interesting subject have read a couple times now. hard to put down
This book is relevant for today's tactics. The principles are timeless. This book should be required reading for anyone in leadership.
A good read.
A very interesting read. Can be a little stale if you aren't into tactics on the battlefield. Otherwise a nice treatise on the tactics used in war, during Sun Tzu's time.
Good all around.
Great book for life & business.
One of the best strategic books I've ever read in my life; The lessons in this book are applicable to every aspect in life.
A must read.
An easy read with a lot of sensible information. Helps to give insight for strategic actions that may be employed in both life and war.
I was very surprised that the story for the most part is mostly intact.  How hard is it to get the Art of war right?  I did feel that some of the softening of the language was not necessary and I believe a strait translation would have gone a long way in bringing this book back to the iconic level it has enjoyed all these years.
Not Recommended
Not Recommended
Not Recommended
Not Recommended
Not Recommended
Not Recommended
Not Recommended
you get what you pay for and this one is a great value.  Can't say that I've read it yet, but at least I have it now.
its a book
It's alright. I consider it a good beginning but further reading required. Warfare is a subject  more complex than meets the eye. There's no substitute for experience.
Great Book!
Printing quality average, very short read
Do not buy. Table of contents is mixed around and the actually content is not the real book, just bullet points for several chapters.
THIS WAS A VERY INTERESTING WORK.  I THINK IT REFLECTED NOT ONLY ON WAR BUT ON HOW WE LIVE OUR LIVES AND RELATE TO LIFE'S SITUATIONS AND CHALLENGES.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT. AN EASY READ, WELL DIVIDED BY CHAPTERS AND PARAGRAPHS.
Don't want to write a review.
This isn't a book. It's a handbook. Reference material, to be used when conducting warfare. Sun Tzu was thousands of years ahead of his time. Anybody with even a remote interest in military tactics needs to read this book.
U can appley these lessons in every day life. The lessons in this book will give u disipline in every walk of life. Sun Tzu teachings are timeless
As described
Not recommended
Not Recommended
Not Recommended
Not Recommended
Not Recommended
Not Recommended
Not Recommended
Ok
Great read. Should (if it isn't already) be required reading for all college students. The Art of War is a suggestive manual on combat by Sun Tzu that can easily be looked upon as a guide in the world today.
Can't beat the classics.
It has some colourful use of language and some of the leadership principles might intrigue you, but mostly it's just outdated war principles and following most of what's in here in real life would be silly.
Great Product Thank You
Bah
The book you read when you want to understand conflict.
Is it only me who finds the translation of this book is nonsense? I might have bought the wrong version.
solid read
good book.
The pictures others have posted do not match my book. The book I received is stupidly short
Its Sunzi...you can't go wrong
The book is a short version of the actual one, but it seems to jump around too much and lacks a description of whats going on.
A surprisingly quick read.
Basic warring techniques adopted all over the world.
He really knew how to win
A Classic and deservedly so.
Classic, for a reason.
This is a pretty brutal read. There may be really good parts to this but as far as reading this from front to back, good luck with that!
Fun and informative.
Thanks the product arrived on time
Awesome and classic book
Bought for my son as a gift. Fast shipping, cover looked brand new. Excellent read.
Its The Art of War of course it's good and for the Kindle price its well worth it
Paid for this and it was never delivered.
evryone should have copy
Good stuff
This is my 3rd time reading art of war, it is fantastic in every way. I recommend this book to all people.
Great Quick read!!!
Good but not the best translation.
Very satisfy with the content of the book
Great item, Great Price, Amazon does it again.... I never have to leave the house to shop again. thank you
awesome book.
Good product
Rating says it all!!!
The worst part of this book is that the print is off center and lopsided like it wasn't printed correctly. If you're like me then you can look past that and just enjoy the book, which is entirely legible. Also, the book has no printing on the end...which makes it hard to see on a book shelf. Not that big of a deal to me because I know where it is and lets honest...that's all that matters! If however you are one of those pretentious douche-bags that likes showing off just cultured you are, you might want to go with a copy that someone might enter your room, see it and think to them self, "gee, I hope their greatness rubs off on me."
Excellent book. It arrived on time!
Came quickly and it will make a great gift for my teenage son.
standard ,  useful,  timeless wisdom
Different from what I expected and loved the strategies. Shows me that everything has to be analytical in business, war, or any other thing
Good
Highly recommend this!
I have study the art of war from a tv point of view!! never read the book from this author!! I did look at a page or so and I thinks any and everyone who deals with life can learn from this book and help them with life problems and situations. if the book meet what I seen on tv it will meet my expectations  and more.   thanks for reading my review and more!!
Very enlightening...
Loved it!
Great book...Great seller!
good read
A must read for everyone.
Dood! This is like... TOTALLY a copy of The Art of War by Sun Tzu. Totally!
It was a very short read, with many war strategies that can be applied to typical daily decisions we all encounter. More enriched from reading this book.
The first quarter of the book is all introductions and someone's essay on the life of Sun Zhu. The rest of it you have to suffer through the editor's notes and opinions ever other paragraph. I would rather pay to not have to deal with it than to get it free and suffer through it. I expect it to be a good read and nothing against the book but those version is garbage.
Hard read!! Great strategic planning when it comes to war planning, can be useful in so many ways outside of war. Business, leagal matters, etc. Worth the hour it took to read!!
excellent
Delivered as expected
I mean there was a lot of hype surrounding this book but I found it to be very cryptic.  Yes, if you really think about it you can make sense of what the author was saying.  I feel like a wealthy famous individual say said this book was great so other people said it was great which started a trend... I bet if the Kardashians all the fashion bloggers in the world would post a pic with this book saying they loved it.  Buy the book for looks, people love to ask about it when they see it, not to read.
Everything as advertised...
A timeless classic...
This book was forced on me by Kindle. There is no way to remove it so it sits here taking up space. Amazon's response, "We will let the developers know." There are 5 books that came with the Kindle app that I cannot remove in total. None are useful or interesting.
This book was for my veteran son and he thoroughly enjoys and learns from the teachings of the book.  He has already gone through the battle, blown up and (thank God) survived.  This book not only teaches skills of war, but skills of life.
excellent. delivered on time
Interesting concepts.
GREAT
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
loved it
hhhhmmmmmmm
Book was good
Good Quality !! FAST SHIPPING ... AMAZING BOOK.
Many who I have spoken to have only seen this book as a military guide.  This is not the case, strategy is usable in all aspects of life and after reading this I gained a better understanding of how some things within the world work.  A great business strategy guide.
good
not as in depth as expected
Excelent.
the classic.
good book with notes
Just what I needed
It's a good read, that can be applied to life. Especially in the work place but it may take some think as to how to apple some tactics.
This book is a poorly edited, and completely plagiarized copy of Clavell's work.  I read the first page, discovered more spelling errors than you could imagine, and noticed almost immediately it was almost a word for word copy of Clavell's edition of THE ART OF WAR.  I sent it back the same day. Amazon was great about it.
Acceptable.
Free download!
It is what it is!
Simply affordable and digestable. If you spend 1 hour, you are able to complete it with ease. I caution however you have to read the content and try to see how you can apply it in your own lives.
I bought this for my son and he loves it.
This book is very interesting.
Simple and Clear
Good book
Amazing book.
This was a brief overview of the actual book. The cheap price was due to the fact that it isn't the actual book.
All good
good
Still reading it.  its a quick read but have not had much time. I see this as a template for many interpersonal processes as well.  Meaning, modulate the ideas and can be useful with interpersonal relations as well.!
Great book
loved it
pretty good book, has many things that translate into real life
Nice
This is a masterful book and will provide sound advice for any battle in your life you might face no matter how big or small
ok
great!
good stuff
be warned, although this is product was excellent, it was a 60ish page summary of The Art Of War.
Good read
Great book
Great
Great reading
I got this book and immediately was disapointed......68 pages....I'm not sure but i don't think this is book i wanted.....
Remember to gift this book to yourself first. Great read.
Classic!
Fine
Great!
Great.
A classic read!
Very interesting ideas. It's quick and to the point, and will leave you with lots of new knowledge that you can use in life.
The strategies in this book can be used in modern life. The author was an excellent thinker. Great book to reference.
It's an interesting book that was written in something like 1400 BC.  This is considered a loose translation of the original and has been condensed down into basic understandings about how to win wars.  It would be a quick read.  It's a brutal topic, imo.
Expensive!
Book comes as described
Great book !
A classic. Must have.
good book
Sometimes it was a bit confusing but, it still holds true for today. This just goes to show that the art of war never changes only the technology that we use to get the same outcome.
Not its best translation.  I felt something was missing.
Written thousands of years ago, still true today as it was then. Well translated and interesting. Highly recommended even though war as a whole is discouraged :-)
great
everyone should read this, if only for the modern day references.  The simplicity and common sense approach can appear boring until you apply it to other areas of your life.
On time delivery, arrived just as advertised.
A must read for someone in the business world.
Good Book!
liked it
This translation isn't the best, but it definitely gets the point across for a low price.
ok
Delivered as promised!
Awesome book
Great
mmmmmm
Bill Belichick recommended. I give this book 5 Rings.
Very good book to learn strategy.
art of war is a very important book and is a must read
Every manly-man should have read this by now.
THIS IS THE SHORTENED VERSION
I thought the book will be thick but it's waay thinner than I thought, btw the book is good.
good item
It was a wonderful book.
This is a must read for anyone in sales and business!
A true classic...apply it to daily living and winning strategies. Short and simple, a metaphor of life. Thank you.
Do not purchase this is a knock off version "The Art of War" book is a word processed copy of the book with errors!
Excellent
Good read. Analogies could be drawn to various aspects of business and competitive strategies if read with some thought process.
Great
Perfect
Everyone in the military, civilian business sector, as well as mentors and coaches should read this book. The information relayed in this book can, and should, be implemented throughout all aspects of leadership training.
Very inspiring. Would really recommend if you ever were to pick a fight, be a politician, or any hobby that requires you to have an enemy.
many typo's
Loved this book. Generic paperback.
ok
Brilliant man whose ancient tactics still stand today and can be applied to many different arenas from business, to marketing, to sport.
AWESOME
Good
Arrived looking and smelling like a brand new book!
Obviously a great collection in this book. You can dispute the greatness of Art Of War. Nothing I can say will add to it's historical importance...too many different philosophies.
One of the must read books on my list
good book
I like the tactics of management in this book
The Art of War audio book is read by B.D. Wong and Ron Silver.  Ron Silver has a really calm yet serious reading voice.
Sun Tzu often wrote about the importance of strategy and the wisdom that he shared is still extremely applicable today whether you’re referring to business, sports, or military endeavors.
I’m winning already
nice
if you want to succeed in this world you need to read and  practice what is written in this book
Very recommended book, easy to apply to present time. Great insights about a great leader, and qualities to lead people.
cool super nice reader and easy ro to follow good translation into English I enjoy this book. great book to read
This translation has many typos and errors. Very sloppy. Find a different translation for this excellent text
I purchased this book as a gift.  However, it is a wonderful & instrumental read for those of us who prefer peace than war.
Chapter 9 was in the wrong place in the book instead if in between 8 and 10 it was in between four and 6.
Very Informative Book. Would Recommend That You Buy it. Information In Here Is Very Valuable
enjoyed it !
Enjoyed it. Recommended to business students
Wasn't what I was expecting, the book is just a list of quotes. However I'm glad to have read it and can mark it off my list!
I think this book could have been translated better.
I had always heard of this and finally got to read it.  very interesting. I heard that it is still used today and understand why. He is as much shrink as warrior.
this is a good translation of the art of war.
Not what I expected. Maybe let others know this is a very abbreviated "cliff-notes"version of the book!
Great read.
A must read for anyone interested in strategy. It's a classic!
Love being able to read on the go. The ease of the kindle is so nice. Would definitely recommend to buy.
The book is based on opinion of translations
Okay, I don't really know what I was expecting but I did not find it. I don't think I was expecting so much regurgitation of the orginal material.
I believe that our civilization is advanced beyond the need for war. This book is one of my best arguments against war.
love having this on my phone
THE GREAT CLASSIC IS PROUDLY IN MY LIBRARY ONCE ADAIN. THIS BOOK IS A MUST HAVE FOR ANYONE WHO WISHES TO TAKE CHARGE OF THIER DESTINY. SUN TZU STRATEGIMS ARE AS TIMELES TODAY AS WHEN THEY WERE WRITTEN.THIS CLASSIC HAS BEEN TRANSLATED INTO MORE THAN 100 LANGAGUES AND IS PART OF THE CURRICULUM IN EVERY MILITARY SCHOOL THAT CONSIDERS ITSELF A VIABLE MILITARY.
A Classic read
love it
book is perfect, fast shipping, thanks so much!
i have been searching for this item for quite some time. finally found it here at amazon. as described,fast shipping, exactly what i was looking for, very nice item, thanks so much
very interesting
The book was not bad, but I felt it was a little short.Maybe the purchase price should have reflected this. I noticed many different versions of this book and with so little old script in hindsight I would go for a lower priced copy.
What a great way to get books!
Great read for those who follow the way of Bushido
Incredible
Enjoy this book
Soft cover like 40 pages not book
Written over two thousand years ago, in a time when wars were fought with chariots, this book offers succinct advice for military commanders. It reminds me of Machiavelli's "The Prince," which offers succinct advice for rulers. Both books are brief. Both books offer astute and sometimes provocative guidance. Both books derive additional interest from their historical importance. But I found "The Art of War" by far the easier read (part of a single afternoon), whereas, for me, "The Prince" was hard going. Two quotes to give a flavor of the book: "All warfare is based on deception." "Hence to fight and conquer in all your battles is not supreme excellence; supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting." I highly recommend this book, but not this specific edition, which appears to use the Lionel Giles translation without bothering to credit Mr. Giles (deceased he may be, but he deserves acknowledgment). Moreover, the edition lacks an introduction to provide historical context, and the ninth chapter has been moved forward without explanation.
Buy a different version. The person who wrote this ruined the book. I'm still trying to find a better version.
Great; Informative, Powerful, Thought-provoking Read! My son said he could not put the book down and continues to read it repeatedly.
This is a great book that covers strategies for more than just warfare. Very concise and top the point. Easy to read
If you want to learn more about war and different strategies then this book is for you. These tactics are still being used today for a reason. A must have for all that love learning about war and battles.
Great book. Everyone should read this at least once in their lifetime
Much to much background. A lot of "he said, she said" by the author that overwhelms Sunzi. Many people have mentioned his sayings yet one has to pick through the bale of hay to find those needles of wisdom so delicately placed.
Puts things in perspective.
Dr. Giles' translation is excellent for academics, sinophiles, and those attempting to Sun Tzu's principles to endeavors unrelated to military purposes. It is not as useful for the fields for which it was intended, however; those being the military and intelligence fields. Readers from those professions are better served by the translations by Griffith or Sawyer, who share more relevant insights than the less experienced Giles.
great book
For work or play the theory espoused is on the money
This book met all my expectations and lived up to the promotions voiced by a co-worker.  I would recommend it to a friend.
Not well described
Like the book just thought it would have more pages but an easy read
I'm not a solder, but I am an intercessor in prayer.  Some times it helps to understand how your enemy works and or thinks. The Devil is the enemy of all man kind.  I use this book in prayer to fight for my family, country and for the peace of Israel.
Inexpensive copy, great for quick reading and reference, but you can tell that no care or thought was put into this product, for example, chapter IX appears before chapter V...
A Classic
This book is loaded with lots of information. All of it is thought provoking. Worth the read if you have an extra couple hours.
Pretty interesting read, especially if you're into strategy like me.
Fast and Flawless shipping! Book is in great condition and I especially like the slightly larger fonts, makes for easy reading. Great Product!
The book "The Art of War" was in excellent condition and the purchase process was easy. I would recommend this to anyone interested in the book.
Great
One of the books I always like to come back to and read it again and again. SO many practical advises for so many real situations. Great.
Should be mandatory teaching early on in schools.
This book was not an easy read; I was a litle bored by the way it was written but then what should one expect of notes created many hundreds of years ago.  Many of Sunzi's concepts are still valid today.
If you ever want to learn of war strategy and chinese culture, this is the book to read. I really enjoyed it!
A good read
Not sure how to apply the information yet.
i will probably buy another text with interpretation of the original, as i would like an opinion of how it applies to real life and or business life, and strategies.
I enjoyed it.
This is the Art of War however you have interjections and what not throughout the text with kind of sucks but you have to remember that you're getting the book for free so you can just skip all the other crap, and it is crap. I read the first half of that crap so I can see why so many people are mad at it. Just skip it and read Sun's words, it isn't too hard to do when you have a kindle.
Its a art
Truly timeless and a legitimate must in anyones library, these writings can be applied to numerous parts of anyones life.
Outstanding read, all should partake in
Perfect and quick
It applies today as well.
must read
Its ok not as comprehensive as some versions, but its a good smaller version of the more detailed readings. it summarizes well.
one of the easiest interpertations I have read
I enjoyed it very much. The thinking strategy can be applied to almost anything in life, especially if competiton is involved.
Lot of ancient wisdom in this little book. I will definitely refer to it .
this is more commentary than the actual Art of War. Its remarkable how hard it is to find a simple copy of the Art of War, everyone wants to pollute it with their thoughts and clarifications - unnecessary. Do not recommend.
Very stragetic book good for the mind. Recommend this book to friends and family. like the book because it was straight to the point.
you can get this on the internet for free but its nice to have it on book form
I had no idea how much I would enjoy this book. Sun Tzu was a wise man, and I think there is a lot to learn from him. Even though I do not plan on starting any wars anytime soon(or ever). Read it.
Great classic. Sun Tzu was a military master, who understood the Art of War of his time and his territory.
good deal
It is a great read. Very useful for business and life. every one should read this book and keep it handy
Great
Great book!
Great book!
Great book and information for those of us that move strategically and think critically....
Will be a difficult read but is a gem
It wasn't the actual book just footnotes
Free book, Free book, Free book, Free book, Free book, Free book, Free book, Free book, Free book, seriously nothing wrong with a free book
This is a public domain translation. There is no preface, introduction or extra frills of any kind. For the dirt cheap price, this book is a steal!
Shipping was fast and convient. The book itself is a short book about 13 chapters 68 pages or so but it's a good book!
I thought this would be the full edition.  What I received was a condensed version with excerpts.  Not at all what I expected.
First time purchase of a book on disk and I will be doing it again. Easy listening and done in a manner that makes you what to continue to go on. The price is fair and the delivery was fast.
Have been wanting to read this for a long time, finally... Simple, almost poetic, very appropriate, considering the state of things.
great
As relevant today as 600BC
Thought this was the full book it wasn't.
The book was described in enough detail that I knew I was ordering the exact edition that I needed and the condition was exactly what I was looking for in a book. Delivery was very fast and the price was the best I was able to find. I hear repeatedly about how this book should be read if you are interested in the subjects of national security or simply to get an understanding of current world events.  These recommended reading lists should be updated as there are many far better books on the theory or aggression, mechanics and psychology of troop movements and battle, and theory of war.  The complexity of our current socioeconomic arena and how the world responds often defies explanation utilizing historic strategies and theories.
Fantastic! !!
Shortened version,  not apprentice from description.
Just covers the basics
Great classic. No complains since I got this for free. Always a good book to have in your library for reference.
Great book
Arrived in great condition
Pretty dry really. Likely a good read for new and/or youthful military enthusiasts.
The military still studies this book today.  To bad the politicians didnt have it during Viet Nam, it seemed that Gen Giap had it and used it succesfully.
I bought this for a gift.  They loved it!
Without trying to give a 'spoiler', this book is a 'self help' of sorts that helps you to view different situations in life (in general) from a different perspective and in so doing help you think of ways to overcome and/or cope with them. This version, is smaller than I expected and the quality of the print was pretty good, no blurred lines or strangely angled letters. Good read, highly recommend.
It is easy to see why this book has become required reading for so many senior military officers.  It has stood the test of time like none other.  I highly recommend it for military and civilians alike.
👍
Good read!!!
HARD TO UNDERSTAND ALOT OF IT
*THIS IS NOT THE ACTUAL BOOK* I rated this five stars to help make others aware of a glaring issue with this product and to help project the voice of those who rated it one star and had this similar issue. This listing fails to show within the description that this is the abridged version of the book, unfortunately I wasn't aware of that and for a quick summary of what the actual book has to offer this does the job but shame on the seller for not clarifying what people are purchasing.
Essential read, classic.
Great book to get into reading again and very well formatted
This book will change how you look at a lot of the situations that regularly drive you crazy during the course of the day.
I love this book. It is very simple and easy to read. I can grasp the concept reasily. Thanks a bunch!
This book is straight forward and understandable. A surprising amount of the advice can be applied today - to non-military circumstances.
Great
Good book. Brilliant tactician.
Was a great price and was in perfect condition
Never received this!!!
I was excited to received book.  Started reading where chapter IV should begin is chapter IX.  So it chapter 1, 2, 3, 9.  Going to order another book again I guess.  Thanks.
This copy of mine arrived just a few minutes ago, and I havent gone as far as read the contents but the translation looks pretty easy to understand, the chapter divisions seems neat, and I cant wait to read it.  What makes me give this a two star is the condition of my book when it arrived.  It looks like it has been bent and it's not smooth at all. There are very visible cracks at the back cover and not only one or two cracks: there are a LOT of them. Im expecting some quality stuffs from Amazon and this is my first time purchasing something from you but looks like you didn't quite treat my package well huh. And to think I chose the second best shipping for my package. I guess I gotta rethink my next purchases from this website. I'm disappointed.
The quality of this product is pretty satisfying. It is very good price and the thing I liked the most was the speed of delivery. It arrived 3 times faster than expected, so it is good.
I read this book and realized that in todays world, this book could apply to dealing with people in the boardroom as well as the battle field. I re-read it constantly
Great book and awesome delivery.
Had a copy, lost it...this is nice
This book is timeless and will always have reread value. It came in great condition and without delay. I would recommend to anyone who likes to read books that can be applied to real life situations.
ok
So good and informative I ordered this for a friend going into politics!
And excellent guide to the basics of military organization and general life practices. A must read work if ever I've seen one.
The commentaries in between each paragraph can be annoying to read through before the actually paragraph is finished. It might be amazons ridiculous design that ruins the literature, because the original text is inspiring.
A must for any leader.
In this book, each passage by Sun Tzu is immediately followed by several different interpretations of that passage.  It is difficult to read because the book is so broken up by other translators.  Very annoying.
Great translation. Very smooth and easy to read. Recommend for anyone looking to transform an ancient acumen into a business advantage.
Classic book came quick in great condition. Excited to read. Shorter than expected.
It's all here and effectively translated, but features several juvenile typos that lend a jarring immaturity to this type of text.
Very good on many levels.
The recipient of this gift reported that it was an interesting book. It arrived on time and well packed. History lovers should enjoy this book.
Read the item description carefully. This book is only 68 pages long and only highlights important parts of the book, (not well).
The foundation of eastern strategic thought
This book is very useful if you are playing a strategic war game or planning on joining a military! Not to mention that this teaches you useful vocabulary and tactics. All in all great In my opinion!
The person rewriting this classic piece of work adds in too much of his own commentary. It makes for difficult reading in regards to when sunzi is instructing and when this rewriter is commenting. It was like reading 2books.
Great book, from beginning to end very good book. I would recommended to everyone to read it would not regret it.
dont buy this. its not what you think
Good and short. I think it will serve me most playing Rome Total War. In real life, mmmm, Well I guess having the mentality in ones back head can be of good use.
Fails in storytelling, lists his philosophies in concise points, giving no context whatsoever, but what more can you expect in 68 pages book on this topic.
good edition
This was a short book, read quickly.  My husband and I read it together and we both found it informative.  It's classic and the principles can be applied to various areas of your life, not just physical war.
Really enjoyed the concepts the author presented, they can be applied to many of life's challenges. It is a book to keep for reference.
'nuff said
Every American war fighter should be required to study this.Its ancient wisdom.
A very good read!
Easy read
Great book for people who want a strategy book. It has many complicated words and sometimes you have to think about what he means or is trying to say.
The editing of the book is lousy
Not a lot of pages
Not the book you think is 68 pages there could be different versions
Not the original book.....a SALE BOOK
Thought it was the full version, but good as a clarification or supplement to the full book.
Great book, good insight for leadership and influential people.
Not interesting at all, boring rather
Strategic!
Written 2,000 years ago this book is fanatastic and eery but full of insight with wise perspective. Highly reccomended to everyone!
Highly recommended.  Thanks to Sun Tsu I can deal with conflict from a knowledgable position.  I look back and see some of my shortcomings and failures and see I could have been successful had I this information.
N/c
Reading this text through the lens of Christian doctrine has shown that many archetypal beliefs exist among men of faith. Within this text, the man of war is presented as a well-disciplined and wise individual who abhors war. For him, war is the last option and not the first. This ancient book of wisdom contrast with the practices of many modern world leaders. The translator's introduction often references the  Tao te Ching which might also be excellent reading for the man of faith who hopes that the can communicate his beliefs with others who have a background in Eastern philosophy (1 Corinthians 9:19-23). If sustained peace ever enters this modern era, it will come from the body of faithful, peaceful, and well-disciplined men. Much like Gideon and other Biblical accounts, the text states that the greatest warrior can win a war without fighting a battle. Unfortunately, this text often is read by greedy, power-hungry individuals who do not seek peace and are misled by the title. The teachings which I contains can be used for "good" or "evil". With this text, one can heal "difficult" situations or promote anarchy as the modern physician can heal or kill with prescription medicine. This is a powerful text and excellent reading.
Great book
Classic work of literature; if not this edition, find another one that works.
If you don't have this book in your library, well get one now. It's really essential for dealing with modern life.
I purchased this book on the assumption that it would be just as good as any other printing of the same title. However, it seems that the formatting of the book is very poorly done. Bullet points and lists are simply listed out in a single paragraph, and there is no apparent effort to make the ideas visually clear. I would steer clear of this printing and invest in a better-presented edition of the book.
This is a great book for those young, fresh commanders who are looking for advice, I would recommend this book to any and all commanders
Love it. Taught me a lot about battle Strategies.
product came in very great condition
Or perhaps this is simply 'horse sense'? But refined by an acute mind. Also a fascinating glimpse of a bygone period
Truly enjoyed. Learnt so much.
this IS my bible.  ever since i first read it in 1993, I keep a copy on me at all times.
An inspirational book for strategists.
Rating got of 5 because of the total knowledge that is produced by the original text. How it relates to life in society as we know it
Great buy
Helped me to understand why the Trump Administration won the election
I expected "the art of war" book, this is not the book, this is the notes added to the book. I wouldn't have bought it if I knew.
great book. fast shipping!
The content is excellent, the size of the book was disappointing (standard paper book)
as described
Arrived in excellent condition
Very artistic and warlike.
Classic
It may not be the longest written book, but it definitely it the most powerful for its size.  True insight and understanding of how to tackle and conquer any obstacle.
orderd books for girlfriends little sister, recived them in a timely manner...  good job on getting them to her in time for school!!!
can easily be used in one's everyday life if one can understand that it is not limited only to war.
good advice for life's battles in the work place. It's interesting that his stratagem holds true in the 21st century.
The book os a classic, the strategies are excellent and reading was fast. I would recommend it for coaches and salespeople.
Excelent version of the classic Sun Tzu's Art of War, with very good comentaries from contemporany and pos-contemporany chineses generals.
Great book, Great Price!
Happy with the book and how fast got it.
It's a good book
Great read
Overall it was a good read but was a bit confusing with all the translations. The format could have been better but it's worth reading at least once in your life!
I now see why this has been the best war philosophical situations :)
Seems everybody gives this one as a free one, but few people read it.  It really IS worth the time, if even the only thing learned is that 'the art of deception' used  by Islamics is nothing new.
Great
Easy read. Informative and insightful information.
It's a marvelous book. Although I thought it be a lot smaller than it is. its clean with no creases in the cover or anywhere else. Good SUPER fast shipping.
i wanted to have this book to go with my other books. but this book was rather wide. but other than that is it exactly what i expected. not missrepresented in any way. i recommend all people ready this work.
Good to read.
Very happy with this book.
good book!
Excellent
Great food for thought!
Always a good read.
It was a really good book at a great price. My daughter ordered it. She liked it very very much.
helped me understand the book better
GOOD STUFFF
Didn't explain very well what it was, it wasn't what's I was looking for.
Rather skinny book.
son loves it!
Purchased for my son upon recommendation of our company CEO. He is an Actuary and loved it.
Still reading it its kinda deep still learning the art of war
Great book.
The books is very well known and it serves as a manifesto for those who want to master "The art of war"
This book teaches you not about war but you can use it in just about every situation. Great book. 😁
Basic and Brilliant. About 70 pages. Small and thin. Took me less than 20-25 minutes to fully read. Has different strategies, laying plans, maneuvering, attack...Contains everything one could need to know about the 'Art of War'. Though I ended up finding the whole thing online but if you want the book then here it is, cheap.
Short and simple, but lacks the examples found in certain other editions. Also the text seems to be missing certain vital points
I'd recommend this to any martial artist, strategist, or military enthusiast. The translation notes really help understand everything that the author tried to get across.
Very informative.
Awesome read... a must for anyone in leadership position.
Very clear way to analyse the situation with focus on your assets, possibilities for sucess and failure. It's useful to read.
Has great business and organizational leadership value.
The ending of this book clarifies to not always as a leader let your follows know the entire plan is finished until it takes place!  The killing of spies is not an easy part of this book to swallow?  Christ did say "He who lives by the sword shall die by the sword?
Another one of the greatest books of all time!
my daughter needed this book for an assignment and it was very easy to purchase.  Thank you very very much
The contents are fine but the book is a cheap reprint. It's also very small with few pages.
It's a good book to be familiar with the concepts but it's a pretty boring read.  Like has been said about this book the ideas can be used in every part of life in general.
A classic that's still relevant.
This book is NOT the Art of War, just a basic OUTLINE reviewing key concepts and principles. I do not recommended this product to anyone.
i received it on time and in very good condition.  it was a gift and he said he enjoyed it.
It is a classic, so how can you not find this book fascinating?  I am glad to have this one on my Kindle.
Book in excellent condition
This is what I expect from a seller... perfect in every way... buy from them with confidence. A++++ is what I say
This book was easy to read with the notations and references. It is also practical for everyday use in getting ahead in your career ; especially in corporate America. Just use your imagination!
Interesting, didn't realize it was dvd.
Very interesting read
I didn't realize the book was just a bunch of quotes; most of which you can find online for free. Some relevant information you can use when negotiating.
Its interesting
Great book
No where does it say abridged or condensed. This is not the real book.
IT IS One of the best books I Have ever read it gives many applications for aspects it is A must read
This book is a good read.
Many of the points mentioned are applicable even today
Had read it before. Good but as a pocket version it didn't have translation notes.
Good read
A must for anyone owning a business. You will have be outside the box and way out in to the limits of normal thought, but it makes sense.
Did not like the assorted commentary and a little obtuse translation.
classic advise, everyone should read.
I had thought that this book would have had a bit more detail, but it seems to be a highly abbreviated outline of the original Art of War.  Still, it was a pretty good read.
The only problem I had with it was it was too short. I had thought that it would have been much longer and not end quite so abruptly.
Obviously a classic, The Art of War is a solid meditation not only on the nature of war, but the nature of life.
This wasn't at all what I expected.
Not the book we expected there are so many versions, per the reviews I bought this one but it lacks in what we were looking for. Very thin compared to ones we have seen so I must have misread the description. Still lot's of wonderful info.
Riddled with typos and apparently not the real book.
This is NOT Art of War but rather the bad version of its cliff notes. Amazon should not promote this as Sun Tzu's book. No efforts was made towards basic editing or printing this book. It's cheap paper with really bad ink. The brown Amazon box it arrived in is far superior than this book.
What a great strategic. Its amazing
Not really a good book. Not one you would want to read again. Easy to read but not worth the time it takes to read it.
Apply to real business world, marketing practices and can be taken as the book on effective leadership. Old but effective theory.
excellent
Good principles, but not an easy read for western culture folks. Still worthile though, you may have a different impression than me.
not the actual book. I am quite unimpressed and was very much looking forward to reading the book in its entirety.
Nice
I have had this book numerous times and keep reading it until I need a replacement. The strategies in this book can be applied to most any situation in business and has been read by every American President except the current one. And it shows.
great book.
Translator seems to be writing his own book about the famous book.  Very hard to follow as it is became a very boring history book about a book.
Very interesting and helpful book. But you need to read between the lines ;-)
Basic text for understanding a classic
Many typos and formatting problems.  The only good thing to say about this translation is that it can put you to sleep -- instantly.
A clear and understandable textbook of military science.
Have not started to read it yet. I'm trying to finish 48 laws of power first. I can't wait to start it tho.
Great book. This book was wrote both in book format and to be used as a reference. Any fan of the history of war will enjoy this book on war strategy.
The book itself is a masterpeice. What I rate with one star is the fact that with this issue there is no foreword. It just says "Filiquarian Publishing LLC" from what you cannot find out who translated the book? Is it Sam Griffith's translation? Or whose? It doesn't even say basic stuff about Sun Tzu. Nothing. If you ask me, find a free pdf on the net and print it yourself (just 60 pages) because sadly, there is no value for money in this print.
Sun Tzu is taught world wide for a reason!  The man may not have came up with these all by himself but he understood them.  A winner!  Sun Tzu not Hollywood is the great teacher about human conflict.
Good read.
A very awesome book!  Completely satisfying!  I'm glad I had the pleasure of purchasing it.  I thank you very much!
great insights when seen from the era this was written. true warfare wisdom for those times, many of which are still applicable.
Straight from Sun Tzu without anyone telling you what he said. The book is short and it is up to use the knowlege.
i havent read this yet but the cover looks really cool. i have it on my desk so robbers think im really smart and will kill them if they steal from me
Super super SUPER condensed. Do not buy this book if you like to read. This is a short summary of each chapter. I'm pissed I bought this. It has a total of 41 pages.
Simple and basic Sun Tzu, with no fluff.
This is not a work of fiction or a novel. It's more a technical manual on the various components of war.
In every single paragraph, there is distilled wisdom and many stories (and dead bodies) behind it. No word is used meaninglessly.
Missing Chapter 9
It helps with other aspects of your life
This book is useful and I recommend it to all manager to read.
The alternative translations and historical background makes this my favorite interpretation
I bought the book for a friend. Therefore I am unable to review the content.
The philosophies of Sun Tzu are easily transferable to present time in the corporate world and in everyday business.  I am grateful that my professor suggested that I read this book.
Great Read
Un grand livre
Of course this is a 5 star read. It is a classic. It is the quintessential book on how to win a war. It has survived for centuriesd and has been studied many many times . It's an easy read and very intriguing. Highly recommended.
Didn't know it was going to be that thin :/. Nevertheless, a fantastic book that came in great condition that all soldiers should have a copy of.
Good book. Quality of book was good for the price. Was delivered promptly
Useful in so many aspects of life. One can convert the principles in this book to be objective in any social condition.
I have heard about this book for years and I am glad to now have a copy.  It is a simple translation but a clear one making understanding this thinking...
It got delivered as promised and in great condition
Book is very small and short-not what I expected.
The best daily version of 'The Art of War' that I have.
Giving it a 3 start because I haven't finished reading it but so far so good. Too many things to read and I have a LOT of these types of books/Ebooks that I received for free and all at once.
Centuries in wisdom in one single book
Great book superfast shipping
what more can be said download it read it, if you don't like it erase it (got to love free things)
This is more of a review of the book than the actual book. Very hard to read on a kindle due to all the names and annotations.
Good read. ☺ Can be studied several times.
This is the basic text of the ancient text, the art of war with very few illustrations.  I was expecting several illustrations.
Great quick read
Very short and choppy. The book itself is structured more like the bible than an actual book.still kind of interesting
This is an thoughtful and enlightening book which the strategies can be transferred to be used on our everyday lives.
Overall quality is OK (great for the price... which is free!). Reads good, nothing fancy. I do find it funny when I put the text to speech on listening to the voice try and pronounce all these chinese names (Sun Tzu = Sun Ta Zoo), I guess an audiophile may not like that, but as for me I buy books to READ them. I probably would not pay for this version, but for free it cannot be beat and I'll stick with this version.
Not a book . This is highlights from a translation . Maybe twenty pages .
Every marketing dweeb is in love with this book!!!  We should not be at war for no reason but its a way to justify how to screw over the common man.
The book is so good
Awesome strategies to use in everyday life. Wish I could have read this a long time ago. Can't wait to finish
What can you say - excellent book at an excellent price.  I purchased five copies this time around for people I knew so they could read through the wisdom of this ancient leader and apply it to their every day life.
Uploading it to Kindle must've messed up the formatting, I guess? The whole book is a jumbled mess of hanging paragraphs   and stray indents that ruin the flow of the words. 1 star from this casual English student.
It was great.
Great book
Typical paperback quality. The content of the book is great. Quick read with practical daily application. It's required reading at my school.
its ok
It is incredible such a famous book and its only commonplaces. I don't know many bussinesmen and politics what do they see in it.
Great book a must read trust me there is a reason 2000 year's after it was wrote it is still relevant.not as long as u would think.
Thanks so much!
good read
It is what it is
I guess i was expecting more but for the time frame the man was brilliant.  I guess I was looking for more of an explanation of war in a more modern view.  My rating reflects a more personal view, this may be just what someone else is looking for. For me it's like looking back at the bow and arrow, we've come a long way since then.
Bought it for a friend as a b-day gift.  I was proud to give it as a gift.  High quality.
This book is a life changer
This is such a great edition. The commentary is fabulous.  I have listened countless times and it never gets old
Very simple design and a good translation.
Just what I wanted.
As with any ancient text, translation matters greatly. Fortunately, this version isn't fraught with errors and mistranslations, at times, common in free ebooks. The content needs no praise or introduction as it remains an influential and widely applicable text. A recommended read.
Great item.
True teachings to be studied and meditated on
Great book. Perfect condition
Excellent version of The Art of War. Not much extra derails or commentary, but very good translation of the works.
i found this book to be very informational and i have truely gained much knowledge of what leadership, loyalty and sacrifice is about...
This book has so many strategies for life, work and home.  I'm applying them all to every aspect of my life.
Beautiful
good
Good read
A gift.
thank you!
Came in on time, and how it was described.
Great read
Terrible, cheaply made. Full of mispellings.
The best book out there.  Read it and live it, your life will take a better turn. That's no lie.
My son loved it. He read it all the night he got it. And for my son that was amazing.
It was a great read :-)
Loved it, classic read.
i have not read the book yet - heard many good things about it - i will update when i am done reading.
Good book
It's off to a very good start. But it is a little bit confusing if you ask me. But stil good
i love it
It wasn't for me but the person i bought it for liked it-but has not finished it yet. No bad reviews
This item was exactly what I was looking for!  Wow, how I did without this I'll never know.  What a deal I got.
THIS IS AN ABBREVIATED VERSION NOT THE "REAL" BOOK I FEEL I WAS JIPPED WITH THAT NOT BEING CLEARLY POSTED BY THE PROVIDER!
Art of war no. 48 laws yes
Excellent translation and editing done, well written.  A timeless treatise as has ever been.
Guide to life
Great!
I am only giving this 4 stars because I found it a little dull. I am sure that way back when it was written it was more interesting, but for me, this was a hard book to finish
Yay
Interesting book
Thanks.
A book that can be used in most situations of life.
Awesome , on time delivery great book.
Okay
My recent purchase of the "Art of War" was Utopian Success. The product was perfect. I am going to order 3 more. Thank you very much Amazon! Paul Kuzinski - A very satisfied customer.
Best self help book ever!
difficult reading due to ancient text and translation, but that doesn't hide all the strategic and tactical thinking that populates tis classic work.
Was expecting whole book.
Great book
ordered this for my kindle its great, i love it and my kindle, not much more to say but that.
The reviews are clearly not all for the same book version. No explanations, no forward, just very brief and 'cryptic' translation that was meaningless to me. Glad it was relatively cheap.
poor translation
This is a short formed book, and not the full original.  Wanted the full version, and spent money on this one just to have it sit on my shelf.
Classic
Good information bUT boring read
Good read
Very happy with the service.
still the military primer
great!
I have wanted to read this for a long time now only b/c I've heard so much about how you can apply it's theories to every day life.  Well, I suppose you can. Sorta.  But after a while it gets exhausting hearing about how you need to wake up earlier than your enemy; know more than you're enemy; be more rested than your enemy; blah blah blah.  Long story short, study hard.  Work hard.  I'm glad I have quenched my curiosity, but I'm glad I got it on the kindle and that it's NOT taking up room on my bookshelf.  It ain't that special.
Boring! it reads like a book for geeks, it reminds one of the old instrucktional books for the vcr. The opening of the book is a sleeper. I heard so many good things about it and then was greatly disapointed. This is for file thirteen a real snoozer. If you have trouble getting to sleep read this.
Not what I expected.  I guess it was written more like poetry, not my cup of tea even though it offered advice on how to strategical fight a war.
great book
Fantastic insights on war.
I've always wanted to read this book, and when I saw it for free I just had to go for it. It's not the smoothest read, but the principles throughout this book can be used in battle, sports or business. Download it and see if you can't apply some of what's in here to your own life.
Dear Customer Service: Thank you for the opportunity to enjoy  the teachings of one of the Chinese Great Thinkers and enjoy their rich history.
Great
i found it a rich book which can take these basics & use them in the real worlg of today
DID NOT KNOW THAT IT WAS GOING TO BE SO SLIM, I WAS EXPECTING THE THICK BOOK.  MAYBE I SHOULD HAVE READ DESCRIPTION
💯💯💯💯💯
Very happy
good
its was great
The book is good. However, I expected a bigger book what I received is like an abridged version
One of the best books to read.
It is a book that you have to read over and over again to understand its content and relate the strategies to real world action. Too much information packed in a tiny book, bad combination!
One thing I learned from this book, always read the reviews first. This is an analysis, not the Art of War.
Love this book...Tq
Good translation
Brilliant!
This review is for the Filiquarian Publishing paperback version of the book. See the picture for the table of contents. I first thought the Roman numerals were mis-printed and corrected the numbers with a pencil, but I later looked the book up online (attached a screenshot) and the chapters are printed out of order! Somehow the chapter roman numerals are sorted alphabetically.
War will come this 2017. Black people must prepare, we need to defend ourselves against our enemies who plan to destroy us.
Loved it
Very boring and short, good information.
My husband loved it!
The translation given to me had a ton of grammatical errors, the paragraphs were clustered together, and the translation seemed off.
It's legible.
k
Read slowly.
What can I say about this book that hasn't already been said except that it lived up to my expectation.
good classic book. Bit thin. I think the chinese version is better. Translation is a bit ackward in English
A must!
Not what I expected. It literally talks about war. I heard it was a philosophical book. Fast shipping. Good condition.
A must read for any leader or one who wants tone in a leadership role in the future...
It needs 0 stars, it is not the art of war book
Bought this for my brother and he said it was very interesting.
Superb, thrilling, amazing wisdom and utility. Trump must have read this and is using it. We had best learn it too.
Great book period!  Learn how past leaders as well as current use Sun Tzu tatics to fight Wars.
Nicely done
A little dry read.  Good principles for thought today..
This is not the full book that everyone thinks they are buying.
Good book
I was excited to read the art of war. When i started reading it i was very dissappionted. I think it is a very confusing read. Tthe translator is all over the place and then includes his own thoughts. Me and everyone else needs to find a better.copy.
Okay so I got this for a school project because it was the cheapest on the website under the impression it was a full 70-120 page book. If you are looking for the full length book DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. This book is no more than 30 pages long. If you are just using it for a reference book or something then its okay I guess.
Great read didn't get first 3x I read but when actually get into to it it makes sense and is awesome must read. Either this paper pack or that hard copy which like a bible has all kinda books written inside and hard copy well over 1000 pages easily huge wanna good read get that one like $60-$80 worth then read paper back explains the art and paper breaks it down like dummies for the art of war I'm disabled long and short term memory y had read. So much. But I retained it finally well most part. But if not into all that reading which I've had over a ur and not even half way done get paper back it maybe 100or so pages. Easy read. Took me an 1-1/2 to read and I don't really read so easy to read over and over so I can remember it. Something everyone needs to read regardless of life job or religion.
If you think reality is just a series of bizarre coincidences, don't bother with this.
Not what i thought it would be. I suspect it has modern applications, if you are a protester, or as a political tool. Perhaps this is why it has become so popular.
the ways of this have been around for a long time now we have the art of texing and tis a great book for centering the soul in battle i have used it many times in life
Never received this and now it's de-listed
Excellent! Timeless advice from a tactical master, is easily translated into the realm of corporate strategy. A must have for everyone who wants to climb the corporate ladder!
excellent price, prodict and service
Read this and see where Prez Trump got his knowledge to run the government.
Mainly a curiosity read. Now that I've read it, I wouldn't recommend it.
Thinking man's book.
I was expecting the actual book. This is basically the chapters written down
A real Man sheds blood before he sheds tears.
The Translator's Preface started on page vii and ended at page lxv.  Which took about 1/4th of the book.  I wondered if the book proper itself would ever start.  Now that I finished the book I don't remember any the Preface.  Then the book part finally started which consisted of hundreds of little pieces of advice by Master Sun.  Sentence to paragraph length.  Each piece of advice was followed by a short explanation or repetition by another Master of what Master Sun had just stated.  When did this format end?  When the book ended.  As Sun was allegedly the Master, I eventually started just reading Sun's comments which allowed me to get to the end much quicker.  At least now I can truthfully say that I did, in fact, finish reading the book.  I marked one sentence in the book to be added to my review but now I can't find it.
Completing my classics collection
Never received this
Bought as a gift. I also have a copy. Well worth reading
good read
Cliff notes version I guess. It is just a list of items.
Why have they talked to each other Take bided for why Hey date to move over Related was out of the hay
Although this is an acclaimed book, popular apparently in business schools and elsewhere, I found it utterly unreadable. Not for me.
okay
Received it! Great product and sale! Thank you
Not Recommended
Concise and clear
Going to war read it
good read
i love it
Classic
Great
Not what I thought it was going to be. Clearly the customer pictures are truly not of this book. It's like 60 pages.
I thought it was a poor translation
Its timeless and a must read
This version is full of misspellings and apparently is not even a complete translation. Buy a different version, this one sucks.
Good
Just OK
This is a beautiful edition.
This was a Christmas gift for my son.  Was a last minute addition, inexpensive, and he seemed pleased with the gift.
classic
great
okay
Stale...old school.
Ok
No..... It was like a little workbook. Maybe 50 pages at most. I thought this was supposed to be some transcendent book. It was tiny AF
If you order the paperback version, the cover looks completely different, and is longer than 60ish pages like it says here. Seems good though.
Great read.
Great book!
A classic!
This version doesn't have the best editing: IX chapter is between IV and V, and some numerals are mixed.
Good Read
nothing wrong with video, just i dont get the whole message because I need a modern translation and thats not this dvds fault.
Tried to read this book on two different devices and it would not load. Amazon needs to have some kind of QA process. I now have to figure out how to get my money back. Ugh!!!
Great book
This is a real classic that all business people should read once in a while. I am happy to have chosen it and it was shipped extremely quickly to me so I go back to reading it sometimes when I need a thoughtful advice...
I must first admit, I had bought into the hype over how The Art of War is the greatest strategic document ever produced.  I was expecting some fantastic insight and in reality, the Art is, like most brilliant strategies, very simple and basic steps to follow.  The trick is to not overlook the basics and keeping the discipline to always follow them. The book itself was set up into a very long and rambling prologue, then quotes from Sun Tzu followed by quotes from other Chinese leaders and/or philosophers.  There is no discussion about the meaning or intent of Sun Tzu beyond the quotes from the supporting cast.  In short, the book is written with quotes supported by other quotes without any context.  If you read books to get the full story and context behind a subject, go elsewhere.  If you are content with sound bytes and 10 second clips, this book is for you.
Good read
Cliff Notes version
I will keep the 'substitute' books because they are useful and different.  Instead of sending me the books I ordered, they sent me other books that interpret the Art of War, version done by Tom Cleary.  I like these but this is NOT what I ordered.  I will not use this vendor again and will make a note of this.  I think these people did this to me before.
Buy a classic and an easy read to cross off your To Be Read list. I suppose someone with a particular interest in either war (duh) or self help would enjoy it substantially more.
Boring  anyone in the service  knows this stuff.  Basic. .
This book has time tested principles that can be applied to most leadership contexts.
clear and concise. easy to read and re-read to get better understanding
its not the type I wanted...I did not want a snap back. I was under the impression it was same as the white one with RW logo.
Keep in mind, this book is placed in the Public Domain. This version of the book is not the best quality you will get although it is very cheap.
Not what was advertised. It is simple a book of quotes, not at all the complete book of stories as presented on the website.
got it for a friend that needed it
Not what I was expecting.  A bad order on my part.
This book was bought as a suggested read, to give to a young adult now moving out into the world, as a way to conduct themselves.
IM A 20Y ARMY MAN LIKE MY DAD AND ANCESTORS,I WISH I HAD READ THIS MANY YEARS AGO.I GAVE IT TO MY DAD WHEN I READ IT.
Gave me a different book in the middle of the Book Wtf? I only didn't mind because it was vegan recipes..
bunch of bs.
Haven't finished it yet.
A classic and a perfect gift for any young person just accepted by one of our outstanding military academies.  Not a good book for "lefties".
good book should get it free so ya:) :) :):):):):): :) :) :) :) :).:) :) :) n xhxjjd jd
Yes
No, was disappointed.
I like that this book does not include a lot of other translations but it ends up looking and feeling pretty cheap.
really disappointed waste of my money and this paper supposely book was fill with quotes printed papers stapled together wth
Absolute BS. Ratings had to have been fraudulently inflated. Read the one star reviews and learn what the more discerning crowd has to say. It's all true. I'm disappointed Amazon allows this. I expected a lot better. I want my money back.
Highly applicable to business and other careers, college and schooling, and many more categories of life. Highly recommend to everyone.
Eh...
This was not the book I expected. It was a very very brief summary of the actual book.
Excellent read
The chapters are out of order. It's not just a mistake in the table of contents, but in the actual book itself. I was really wondering if every copy of the book is like this, or is it a mistake in only some copies?
For work, it's an easy read
This was a present for my neice's birthday - she absolutely loves it! The seller shipped quickly and the product was in great shape as described! Thank you!
Pure genius, Sun Tzu philosophy on war is nothing short of incredible. Phenomenally written and simplistic at the same time.
It was a photocopy with tiny letter type. I was so disappointed as I was planning to give this to my boss. This edition is aweful. Spend a couple of bucks more and get a decent edition. I can't describe how bad this is.
The book was written a long time ago so it is difficult to enjoy it from my point of view because it spoke of basic routines in fighting aspects of war. They are basic compared to how we wage war these days and they look primitive in nature.
I have just downloaded the kindle edition. The pagination is awful rendering the text to be almost unreadable. amazon need to up their game and not charge for this abysmal level of quality of reproduction.
Awesome
good price quick sshipping
more of a strategy guide than a book, i found no use for it.
Just a Classic
Cliff Notes
Good
This book is crap. It is put together poorly, in fact midway through the book there are a our twenty plus pages that are out of order and from some other book. Crap, crap, crap, don't waste your money.
The concepts are good however it's written in parables which makes for not very good reading
When I search for "Art of War" using Amazon's search engine, the first book on the results list should NOT be an extremely short, cliff's notes version of the book.  When I purchased this, I was under the impression it would be the full length book.  This is a case of false representation, and I do not recommend this book to anyone.  I would rate this book (and my overall experience) with 0 stars if that was an option.
great
Very simple and structured
Powerful read.
I would of left a positive review if i were to have received my product considering i purchase it nearly 5 weeks ago.
Nice story thought me a lot already
this book is frequently listed as one one of the best business books on various lists. it is okay but it is not a great business book.
I love this product :)*****
great advice
Good
Great read
It is horrid. It isn't the book on The Art of War, it is a publication of the cliff notes.
Not Recommended
I have not had a chance to listen to it yet because my laptop died and my daughters will not play it  but I am looking forward to listening to it.
Watered down, shell of a copy, do not buy!
Bought for my dad for Christmas. Not sure if he's read it yet.
really good for the price I loved it
looks cheap
quick and was what I ordered
this is not the art of war, just notes. Do not be fooled. This book was free and even at free it was still a waste. Do not bother. If your looking for the art of war check out The Art of War by Thomas Cleary, very good translation. If you looking for the best translation it is The Art Of Strategy by R.l. wing.
Charging for free information?
Enjoyed the book!
Waiting for me to open up.
Nice book, famous, quoted a lot.  Got it for a book club at work.  Arrived fast.
Seems there are at least a couple, and maybe several different translations that are being sold using this review thread. I'm sure some must be good, since the reviews are overwhelmingly good, but the one I got is terrible. The version with the black cover, white text, and two horizontal red bars above and below Sun Tzu's name is the one to which I am referring. I have only read a few pages, but they are riddled with typos. Pg. 6 (actually page 3) "While heading the profit of my council..." The word is "heeding." Almost certainly an English as a second language translator who didn't run this by a decent editor. Yeah, yeah, I know, they know English better than I know Chinese, but I'm not trying to sell my knowledge of Chinese.
Happy with item
This was a free dowload and I probably will never read it, thanks for the bathroom material amazon, it was great.
This did not mention that it was an abridged version, very surprising.
Never ordered it, never received it.
The translation is clumsy and needs improvement.  Copy editing is sloppy.  Numerous typos, misspellings, punctuation, and format errors.  Serves as a cheap option, but would not recommend it for anyone seeking a quality copy to add to their collection or library.
Needless to say, Sunzi's this book is a must have on your shelf whoever you are whatever job you are doing, you are going to use the ancient art of war to deal with daily trivia or business critical things.
Bullshit bingo book. You'll find famous quotes all around it, in every chapter. It is best to win without fighting. Management of many is the same as management of few. It is a matter of organization. A leader leads by example not by force. Treat your men as you would your own beloved sons. And they will follow you into the deepest valley. Speed is the essence of war. And many many others. Sound familiar? Right. They are used by everybody taken out of the context. Especially by life / career / business coaches of all kinds. Mid-level managers, C-level executive wannabes. By that kind of people, not by military professionals. I can hardly believe that somebody who has professional military education will learn anything from this book. It's nothing more but a common sense. Like: "do not fight when you can". C'mon! We all know that already! "Hide your weaknesses and strength from the enemy". Of course I'll do! "Attack at the weakest point". Sure, nobody wants to die in a suicide mission fighting outnumbering entrenched enemy. And so on. I can hardly believe that modern military commanders use Sun Tzu's terrain, battlegrounds and positions categorization. As well as any other typification from this book. You can now bomb an enemy or send a drone. Or a nuke. Or a SEAL squad. Infantry and cavalry lost some of it's importance during the last 2500 years passed. The war (despite "war never changes") has changed a lot since then. Think about this: the book was actually written by Sun Tzu for his master, king of the state of Wu, when Sun Tzu served Wu during the confrontation with the state of Chu. So, the context of this book is: China, Zhou dynasty era, state of Wu. And the role of this book is clear too: to summarize the knowledge available at that time. So, the book cannot be used by it's direct purpose nowadays — to teach military personnel, and it became popular in another roles: to be a source of quotes for people who want to show others that they read smart books; and to be used for "inspiration", mostly by white-collars. By people who will never use 99% of this book on practice. Because, you know, you cannot "camp in high places, facing the sun", "gather in plunder" and "put men to death together with whom the secret was told" and do other fun stuff from this book when you're just a clerk. Even a CEO cannot literally put a man to death today. And, yes, Sun Tzu is not always humane in this book. One can say that "The Art of War" is a philosophical book, not a tactics / strategy guide. Probably. That's why I'm giving it two stars. There was some kind of mysterious zen in it, but I didn't become enlightened a lot. The book, again, is nothing special but a common sense of 2500-year-old war practice.
I began by reading an annotated version of the Art of War and switched midway to the original text because although the notes you can find in the free version on Amazon, it was a bit disruptive and I wanted to read the original text before digging deeper. That said, this is a fascinating book to read simply because it makes so much sense for so many things. For people in business, the metaphors are easily adaptable to a business model and no doubt this book has been read by many a high ranking official if only to gain understanding of what it takes to win. The same could go for coaches and even lawyers. Basically any scenario where there are two sides and both are seeking to be the victor can benefit from this. But there are some interesting ways where you can adapt what is said in this book. To mediate conflicts you can use many of the same steps and recommendations postulated within. The main thing that is sought from the Art of War is to win with as little bloodshed as possible. For many, the word war is synonymous with bloodshed, conflict, and loss of life. For Sun Tzu, avoiding all that is what makes the best general. If you can position things to the point where engaging in battle is folly and thus surrender is a better option, then you can see where he's coming from. In addition, there's another application I can recommend... having this text be read by writers. Conflict is embedded in what we write and for us who write fantasy and science fiction, battles on paper are common place. If you want to make a battle believable, study the things talked about in this book in detail and humanize the decisions taken, the actions carried out, and the mistakes that are part of a believable scenario. A rich read that will no doubt yield knowledge in its original and annotated versions.
A very brief summary of most of the key phrases or quotes from the original classic. Add graphic artwork = entertaining introduction to the classic.  I recommend it.  Buy the hard copy, not Kindle. It is not the original full edition of the classic. This Smartercomic is not intended to be the full text. I read the Art of War or Strategy in college and several times thereafter. I refer to it periodically. The critics miss the point of this edition:  an introduction and entertainment. After reading this edition, you will want to read the original. It is enjoyable to read, easy to understand, and the artwork gives the reader a different perspective and promotes the application in today’s world.
A. Overview The ancient Chinese military general Sun Tzu lays out a blueprint for the effective waging of war. In his classic The Art of War, the successful war campaign largely revolves around two key elements: deception and surprise. Sun Tzu also describes the virtues that are required of effective military leaders, and, drawing from his many years of military experience, he gives wide ranging and insightful advice on knowing oneself, knowing one's enemy, and how to keep the spirits of one's soldiers fixed on victory. Throughout his treatise, his words are piercing, direct, at times witty, and often paradoxical. He writes, for example, "If your opponent is of choleric temper, seek to irritate him. Pretend to be weak, that he may grow arrogant" (I.22). "Simulated disorder postulates perfect discipline, simulated fear postulates courage; simulated weakness postulates strength" (V.17). 1. Virtues Necessary for a Successful War Campaign The Commander is to be an exemplar of five virtues: wisdom, sincerity, benevolence, courage and strictness (I.9). Discipline among the Commanders and soldiers is the key to victory. One can even determine which side in a war will be victorious by asking "(1) Which of the two sovereigns is imbued with the Moral law? (2) Which of the two generals has most ability? (3) With whom lie the advantages derived from Heaven and Earth? (4) On which side is discipline most rigorously enforced? (5) Which army is stronger? (6) On which side are officers and men more highly trained? (7) In which army is there the greater constancy both in reward and punishment?" (I.13). 2. The Law of Deception The Law of Deception is summarized by Sun Tzu with these words: "All warfare is based on deception. Hence, when able to attack, we must seem unable; when using our forces, we must seem inactive; when we are near, we must make the enemy believe we are far away; when far away, we must make him believe we are near" (I.18-19). Sun Tzu goes to great lengths in justifying this assertion and in giving examples of how to deceive and to detect deception from the enemy. He writes, "Humble words and increased preparations are signs that the enemy is about to advance. Violent language and driving forward as if to the attack are signs that he will retreat" (IX.24), but "Peace proposals unaccompanied by a sworn covenant indicate a plot" (IX.26). "At first, then, exhibit the coyness of a maiden, until the enemy gives you an opening; afterwards emulate the rapidity of a running hare, and it will be too late for the enemy to oppose you" (XI.68). 3. Law of Surprise Attack Surprise is also an important element in weakening the enemy. The military is to "[a]ppear at points which the enemy must hasten to defend; march swiftly to places where you are not expected" (VI.5), and, "[i]n raiding and plundering, be like fire, in immovability like a mountain" (VII.18). "Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt" (VII.19). 4. Effective Warfare The rest of the treatise focuses on how to wage war in an effective manner. War is to be waged by first knowing oneself and knowing one's enemy. Battle is never undertaken unless one is certain that he will win. Sun Tzu outlines the five principles of victory: "(1) He will win who knows when to fight and when not to fight. (2) He will win who knows how to handle both superior and inferior forces. (3) He will win whose army is animated by the same spirit throughout all its ranks. (4) He will win who, prepared himself, waits to take the enemy unprepared. (5) He will win who has military capacity and is not interfered with by the sovereign" (III.17). A successful war campaign is waged efficiently, with the Armed Forces knowing when and how to attack by expending as little effort as possible, for "supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting" (III.2). Few resources are to be expended in an effective war campaign: "The skillful soldier does not raise a second levy, neither are his supply-wagons loaded more than twice" (II.8). Sun Tzu also seems to hint at a metaphysical plane in which warfare is fought. He writes, for example, that the effective Commander "wins his battles by making no mistakes. Making no mistakes is what establishes the certainty of victory, for it means conquering an enemy that is already defeated" (IV.13), as though war is first fought on some metaphysical plane before the victory and defeated is reflected in the visible, physical world. B. Critique Some of Sun Tzu's counsel is outdated in the age of terrorism, military insurgencies, and digital and nuclear warfare. Some of it revolves around the size and numbers of the enemy's forces and one's advantage relative to the enemy based on numbers. Similarly, much of his advice is based on obsolete forms of land warfare that are rarely fought in the modern day. He writes, for example, "Whoever is first in the field and awaits the coming of the enemy, will be fresh for the fight; whoever is second in the field and has to hasten to battle will arrive exhausted" (VI.1). This advice will rarely, if ever, be relevant in an age where most warfare is fought in the air or from long range missiles, with forces rarely clashing in land battles. The advent of nuclear weapons also changes the entire equation of relative forces and makes the numbers of infantrymen almost irrelevant. Similarly, the introduction of insurgencies that blend into local populations have been able to render even large armies of well equipped soldiers ineffective and unsuccessful. Furthermore, the advent of digital and cyber-warfare makes the numbers of enlisted and commissioned soldiers largely irrelevant to foreign attacks. Though the forms of warfare have changed over the ages, many of Sun Tzu's principles continue to apply. Whether fighting a land battle or an air battle, the laws of deception and surprise attack are still relevant and highly effective. Furthermore, Sun Tzu outlines lessons that are important not only for the battlefield, but also for the general struggles of life. He writes, "You can be sure of succeeding in your attacks if you only attack places which are undefended. You can ensure the safety of your defense if you only hold positions that cannot be attacked" (VI.7). This is advice that should be heeded by businessmen, political leaders, and anyone else in a position that requires defending against an onslaught of attacks or competition.
Ignore the reviews that claim this isn't the full book. It is. The Art of War, without introductions and other people's commentary, is actually no bigger than a pamphlet. If you are looking for a "larger" version, there are a vast amounts to choose from and can range significantly in page count depending on how much additional comments and stories they want to include. If you just want what was written without all the filler, this is it.
I began this book wondering how a centuries-old text could be applicable to twentieth century business negotiations.  I finished it wondering why modern business books are so irrelevant.  Rather than summarize, here are some of the jewels:   A leader leads by example, not by force.   The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.   Supreme excellence consists of breaking the enemy’s resistance without fighting.   Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.   There is no instance of a country having benefited from prolonged warfare.   The greatest victory is that which requires no battle.   When you move, fall like a thunderbolt.   Treat your men as you would your own beloved sons. And they will follow you into the deepest valley.   Build your opponent a golden bridge to retreat across.   When you surround an army, leave an outlet free. Do not press a desperate foe too hard. Sun Tzu combines a startling humility with a stunning sense of responsibility.  He could not care less who gets the glories of victory.  He would prefer to be called a coward and win, then a hero and lose.  Sun Tzu's chief aim is not to fight, yet he bears the weight of his people's welfare on his shoulders.  To protect his people, he discipline himself and his troops mind, body and spirit until they cannot lose. In a world that prides itself on external victories, Sun Tzu's view of conquering the internal foe stands in stark opposition.
The Art of War by Sun Tzu is the timeless classic on the manners of warfare. The book itself is quite short but the wisdom contained in it means that it is quite a dense book to read anyway. While we may now read The Art of War and think that we know most of the things, I imagine it was simply a monumental book back then. Even now some of the passages contain immense value and many principles still apply. The principles outlined in this book are not only applicable to ancient Chinese warfare but many can interpreted in the world today. While many of the principles regards itself on positioning and strategic decisions some other principles struck me as well. Principles such as: "To secure ourselves against defeat lies in our own hands, but the opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself." and "Thus, though we have heard of stupid haste in war, cleverness has never been seen associated with long delays" are applicable to everyday life as well. This arguably makes it one of the rare books which transcend the domain in which it was once written in and shows us something that is fundamentally human and gives us the opportunity to improve ourselves.
The Art of War by Sun Tzu is an ancient Chi­nese mil­i­tary trea­tise. The book, a clas­sic within the sci­ence of mil­i­tary stud­ies is only attrib­uted to the high rank­ing gen­eral and was believed to have been com­plies dur­ing the last spring and autumn of the War­ring States period(either 476 BC or 453 BC). I first heard of The Art of War by Sun Tzu when I was in the mil­i­tary. I heard of the book in pass­ing and read a bit more about it when I got home, but never picked up a copy until sev­eral years later. The first thing which struck me was how short the book was, but the more I read, the more I real­ized the wis­dom behind the book. The sec­ond, third, forth and more I read this book I stopped for con­tem­pla­tion about what Sun Tzu's words mean to me, how I imple­mented his advice both in the mil­i­tary and out­side of it and the mis­takes I made, how can I learn from them and if I will repreat them again. But The Art of War is more than just about war. The book is about every strug­gle or con­fronta­tion, whether exter­nal or inter­nal. I can cer­tainly see how the advice applies to ancient war­fare, but when ana­lyzed, the book can apply to pol­i­tics, busi­ness and more. Sun Tzu under­stood, as any great leader/manager that the lead­ers set the tone and spends much of the book dis­cussing those qual­i­ties. This is true in any orga­ni­za­tion, the sergeants will treat the sol­diers the way the pla­toon leader treats them, who treat the sergeants the way the cap­tains treat them, etc. Mid­dle man­age­ment will treat their employ­ees the way upper man­age­ment treats them - so sim­ple, yet so profound. How­ever, the part that really struck home, for me, was when Sun Tzu speaks about know­ing your­self and your enemy.   "So it is said that if you know oth­ers and know your­self, you will not be imper­iled in a hun­dred bat­tles; if you do not know oth­ers but know your­self, you win one and lose one; if you do not know oth­ers and do not know your­self, you will be imper­iled in every sin­gle battle." Pro­found advice from a great gen­eral - one does not go into any com­pe­ti­tion with­out know­ing the oppo­nents. Ath­letes do not step onto the field with­out spend­ing house ana­lyz­ing every avail­able movie show­ing their oppo­nents at play and gen­er­als dis­sect enemy strate­gies to tiny details before form­ing their own.
I really enjoyed this narration. It was easy and pleasant to listen to and the voices didn't detract from the information I was trying to soak in. This would be a good book to have a hard copy of or to reread several times to master all the principles and ideas presented within it. The Art of War was written by Sun Tzu, a Chinese general and war strategist 500 years b.c. It is a manual regarding war strategy and its main principles can be adapted for leadership, management and even parenthood in day to day interaction with others. I think it is a fairly useful concise book everyone should be introduced to. Here are the main points I liked from this book: 1. "The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting." 2. "One may know how to conquer without being able to do it. " which leads into: Sun Tzu's emphasis on discipline, order, preparation and training. And the ability to know when to act and when to wait. 3. My favorite quote: "Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?" 4. "If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will succumb in every battle" 5. "The whole secret lies in confusing the enemy, so that he cannot fathom our real intent." 6. "We cannot enter into alliances until we are acquainted with the designs of our neighbors." 7. To obtain complete obedience and discipline you must administer ruthless punishment for disobedience on a regular basis. Small sacrifices are necessary for achieving the greater good. Yes, I cheated and copy and pasted these quotes off of google "art of war quotes" after listening to this audio version.  And if you don't have much time to spare even for listening than consider going through those quotes for a summary of the useful portions of the book.
A lot of people read The Art of War to gain insight into business competition, inter-personal conflict, etc. Personally, I think it is most interesting as an actual treatise on warfare, statecraft, and tactics as originally intended. Comparing the tactics and outcome of various battles and wars (past and present) to Sun Tzu's advice demonstrates that he generally knew what he was talking about and many (most?) of his principles still hold true. This translation made a serious effort to preserve the ambiguities present in the original, giving it a much more Eastern flavor than some older translations. I can't vouch for translation accuracy since I can't read the original, but Cleary at least sounds a bit more authentic than Giles (the "classic" English translation). The commentary sections sometimes gave insight into how "Master Sun" was understood by others over the next few centuries, but sometimes it was just a tedious unimaginative rephrasing of the original. On your first reading of The Art of War skip the commentary; it breaks up the flow of thought. (Also, don't bother with the 60 page intro unless you really want to hear the translator pontificate about Taoism for 50 pages while saying nothing that you can't pick up from the book itself) If you are interested in diplomacy, espionage, military tactics, etc. this is definitely a great read. Next time you watch a war movie or play a conquer-the-world type game you'll find yourself thinking in terms of The Art of War.
So it is said that if you know your enemies and know yourself, you will fight without danger in battles. If you only know yourself, but not your opponent, you may win or may lose. If you know neither yourself nor your enemy, you will always endanger yourself. The Art of War is the most prestigious and influential book on strategy that has ever been written. Sun Tzu showed how organizations can thrive in times of conflict and chaos by mastering five things: the way, the weather, the terrain, the leadership, and the discipline. Strategy is simply the art of making the right trade-offs. Everything we do in life has a cost-benefit. We must examine our choices and make the best one at each moment. Success is being the right person using the right tools in the right ways for the right cases at the right times for the right reasons. When I was 12, I wanted to enter West Point to become a general to lead and fight the greatest wars of my time. Yet, I began to realize that the biggest battles of this era were not between nations and man, but between health and disease. The world was crumbling with pollution, disease, hunger, fear, greed, violence, ignorance, and apathy. And these enemies would not be won by wars between men, but by revolutions within minds. These revolutions will not occur with the government, the education, or any social institutions. It will happen with businesses. This is the book that first connected me to my father. He told me that, "business is like modern day warfare." That always stuck with me.
This ancient classic of 13 chapters was written over 2,500 years ago by the legendary Chinese general Sun Tzu. It is a must have for military buffs that enjoy reading about the tactics of the most succesful generals. It is rumored that Napoleon used a French translation of the Art of War to his advantage while conquering most of Europe, and he lost when he broke its principles. The principles that are with in this ancient text can also be used in games of strategy, business conflicts, and the day to day battles of life. Here are ten principles to give you a sample of the wisdom found in its pages: Supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance with out fighting. If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. Spies are the most important element in war, because upon them depends an army's ability to move. All warfare is based on deception. The general who wins a battle makes many calculations before the battle is fought. There is no instance of a country having benefited from a prolonged war. The clever combatant looks to the effect of combined energy, and does not require too much from individuals. In war, the way is to avoid what is strong and to strike at what is weak. When you surround an army, leave an outlet free. (So they can retreat). Move not unless you see an advantage; use not your troops unless there is something to be gained, fight not unless the position is critical. Taken as a whole this is a book of wisdom and principles on how to win. I rank it in my top ten books I have ever read. It is a must have for any home library. The is a very small book that is quick and easy to read.
Sun Tzu's "The Art of War" is a great book. This ancient classic was written over 2,500 years ago by the legendary Chinese general Sun Tzu, being a a timeless masterpiece of interaction of power and politics this book teaches many good lessons to anyone who will ever have to command a group of people, in the workplace, in school, or on the battlefield. The Art of War is an ageless book that teaches human nature and how to deal with difficult situations in life and business. The lessons learned in this book can be allied to relationship, friendship, career and make you a more complete person in general. I I recommend this book to be read by all those who wants to succeed in anything they do, It is not just about lessons in war but can be used and applied for everyday life. "The Art of War" is a must read.
I'm a civilian, businessman, and fan of strategy games and movies.  I've wanted to read this work for years but never got around to it.  When a friend gave me this, the audiobook version, I finally did "read" it. Thoughts about the content: The work is surprisingly short, powerful, and rational.  The descriptions are poetic but to the point.  Some passages are brilliant and self-evidently true, some are harder to follow, but the entire work is engaging and worth reading/listening to.  One can see why it is required material for military strategists and why so many people have called it the most important reference work on the subject of war of all time.  One of the most striking aspects to me personally were the apparent logical contradictions.  Act honorably because the moral high ground is critically important to military success, yet deception is the essence of warfare and you must deceive your opponent.  You must follow these rules strictly otherwise you will fail, yet you must remain open to opportunity and adjust your tactics accordingly throwing out the rules.  This is not to say the lessons are false or difficult, but that there are thought-provoking dilemmas to be explored.  I was especially fond of the discussion of the roles of morality, economics, and spies in warfare, as well as several of the anecdotal side stories of ancient battles and strategems. Thoughts about the presentation/execution: Apparently, the most common and best English translation available translates not just Sun Tzu's original words, but also the work of an almost-as-ancient commentator who interspersed clarifications and illustrative anecdotes throughout the main text.  Note that this complicates an audiobook, a fundamentally linear form.  Textually, you can see that there is a tangent without breaking your flow (depending on how the text is formatted), deciding if and when to read the tangent.  In this particular case, some of the commentary is truly required in place (it just wouldn't be understandable to a 21st century American listener without it) and some would best be read outside the flow of the main work (such as the stories of ancient battles that illustrate one of the "bullet points" being made).  I believe the producers made the best possible translation from text to audiobook, and the readers chosen are top notch, but moreso than other audiobooks this work would just fundamentally work better as text, and for this reason I drop it to 4 stars.
This is a decent version of a classic text. It's well laid out with a table of contents making it easy to dip in and out. The ideas and strategies are individually explained in a couple of sentences, prompting the reader to muse over the ideas and gain a deeper understanding of the concepts. Originally written over a thousand years ago, the timeless wisdom contained in this gem by Sun Tzu, has been utilised by many military and business men/women for profitable advantage. This Kindle version of, "The Art of War," contains reliable insights and strategies that you can put to practical use in your daily life, in an easily digested, readable format. Colin G Smith, author of, 
There are many translations of this work which has long been in the public domain. This is the popular translation by Lionel Giles made even more popular by the introduction from the best-selling author of Japan epics, James Clavell. It contains Giles' commentary along with the translation. The annotations give historical examples of the strategies in action. Game theory is calculated strategy. The Art of War by Sun Tzu is probably the oldest and most important book on game theory ever written. It is the culmination of the development of the best warfare tactics prior to the 5th century BC. It is considered the foundation for all military plans and is still used to this day. It is most popular for its ability to win wars without fighting one. Its application has shaped the world as we know it. The Art of War can be understood as a breakdown of the chaos of warfare into components that can be analyzed and understood. The tactics are mostly about controlled organization, recognizing environments and situations and the correct response to each one. Organization is subject to change in competition. The Art of War is essentially the strategy of responding to changing environments. Response is thus relative to evolving conditions. 1 - "Laying Plans" The core message of this chapter is to calculate as much as possible before committing yourself. Important themes include discipline, ethics, environmental conditions and assessing the competition. It's about setting up the mission and evaluating the competition. 2 - "Waging War" The important detail of this chapter is to win as quickly and as economically as possible. Prolonged struggle means wasting resources and undermining confidence. When winning, use the spoils as rewards and capital. It's about making war pay. 3 - "Attack by Stratagem" This chapter is about deployment of the previous two chapters. The central message is to know thyself and know thy enemy. This stage indicates problems such as sieges, bad management and interior anarchy or legal/government interference. Advantages such as good management, exploiting opportunities and attacking tactics are covered. Strength is about cohesiveness and is independent of size. 4 - "Tactical Dispositions" This one stresses putting yourself in a position where you cannot be defeated and waiting for the opportunity to defeat the enemy. It is about recognizing the breaks and taking them as opposed to creating the breaks. 5 - "Energy" This part focuses on the power of deception to lull the enemy into a false sense of security and the use of spies to learn the enemy's moves. It also stresses the need to evolve in battle. It's about building up war capability. 6 - "Weak Points and Strong" This chapter encapsulates all the previous five chapters into an advanced war strategy producing outcomes, calculating and responding to events as they unfold. The strategies are developed here. It is about creating breaks. 7 - "Maneuvering" This deals with managing units and the internal problems they face on top of how to respond during movement to various circumstances. It is a chapter based on types of situations and responses. 8 - "Variation of tactics" This section expands on the evolution of tactics and strategies based on situations and responses but concentrates on what causes failure. 9 - "The Army on the March" This is advanced maneuvering especially across long distances with different terrains and how to deal with encounters. It is about interpretation. 10 - "Terrain" This describes the various terrains that an army can encounter and when and how to occupy them. It talks about distances, potential dangers and obstructions. Positioning is important. 11 - "The Nine Situations" This piece explains the condition of each terrain in terms of its tactical advantages and disadvantages and how to deal with both. It is a very intensive chapter because of the number of complex conditions dealt with. 12 - "The Attack by Fire" Arson in war is probably the single most troubling weapon that an army could have inflicted on the enemy around 500 BC. This chapter is obviously based on the most advanced weapons of the time which have since been developed. It is about using the principle of creating disorder and chaos to win. 13 - "The Use of Spies" Without spies don't war. War is won based on foreknowledge not by calculation but by direct information about the plans of the other side from spies. Spies are managed in this chapter. Even though the work is quite short (about 100 pages or less with commentary) it is complex enough to warrant several readings. It is the equivalent to learning how to play advanced chess, a game which compliments this study. There is a lifetime of thought within the pages. Napoleon was said to have used it and lost when he didn't follow it. The Art of War has become one of the most important self help books of this century popularized in big business as many executives have had recourse to this material because it offers a sound winning strategy. Most readers come away believing that the book's message finds it adaptable to many environments because it is all about adjusting to variations and so can be applied to anything and everything. The Art of War is not supposed to be an exciting read. It is a strategy book, a step by step guide to how battles are won and why they are lost. It is more to be memorized as a set of responses, including when not to respond, than to be understood. The combinations of the responses are unlimited. There is enough on the plate without asking why. Understanding why would come later and the answers to these questions would come from a very sophisticated understanding of the theory. It is an endeavor that remains open to the reader if they can come to terms first with the information that is here. Even if the book is not followed up on by subsequent study it can still leave a long lasting impression with its tips on discipline and achieving goals. It is great value for the amount of information contained in such a short burst. It will get you thinking strategically and that is more or less its claim to fame.
The Art of War by SUN TZU is not fiction.  It's a Confucianist take on waging and winning wars (and business). It is important to compare this Eastern view of warfare with the western view as defined in The Prince and many subsequent titles. The heart of Sun Tzu's thought is "All warfare is based on deception. Thus, when able to attack, we must seem unable. Hold out bait to entice the enemy. Feign disorder, and crush him. If he is in superior strength, evade him. If your opponent is quick to anger, seek to irritate him. Pretend to be weak, that he may grow arrogant." Any football play has all kinds of people running around trying to fake the opposing team to going where the ball isn't. Perhaps the best strategic use of the principles was Ronald Reagon's Star Wars proposal. No one knew if it would work. But if it had, there was no way the Soviet Union could possibly have countered it. They didn't have the computer systems, and because of their closed society they didn't have the young kid genius programmers that we've developed in this country. Although there was an awful lot of complaining about Star Wars in the academic community in this country, it ended the cold war without a shot being fired.
I read the book while going through a very nasty divorce.  It helped me better understand that all battles aren't worth  fighting.  Despite a "perceived loss," sometimes it's better to not engage than fight a losing battle or a costly war.  That said, if a person is going to wage war, it clearly states that a person must be very well prepared... The Art of War is an excellent guide on managing conflict... Its message that resonated most with me was pursue peace.
This is a rather short book but the ideas have stood the test of time in warfare ever since it was written by Sun Tzu in 500 B.C.  This book has also been the "Bible" used to teach the winning principles of war down through the ages.Little ,if any, of the principles have changed,and if you look at any of the wars or battles over the centuries;you will see that the forces who won the wars,stayed true to these principles,while those who did not follow them were defeated.  Not only in warfare,but also in any form of contest from business,sports,politics,personal conflicts,etc.,the same principles can be applied and the same results will occur.  Of the plethora of books that have been written over the centuries,none has been better at outlining the principles of success and it would be well worth anyone's time to read and follow the advice and wisdom found in this classic treatise.
This is about war, but it is more about getting things done.  If you could only read 10 books in your lifetime, this book deserves to be on that list.  I learn something new, every time I read this book.  It is really neat.  I know a former state representative, who reads this every single day, and gets something new, every time.  , , , and other such classics owe something to this book.  It is simple, and profound.
This ancient classic of 13 chapters was written over 2,500 years ago by the legendary Chinese general Sun Tzu. It is a must have for military buffs that enjoy reading about the tactics of the most succesful generals. It is rumored that Napoleon used a French translation of the Art of War to his advantage while conquering most of Europe, and he lost when he broke its principles. The principles that are with in this ancient text can also be used in games of strategy, business conflicts, and the day to day battles of life. Here are ten principles to give you a sample of the wisdom found in its pages: Supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance with out fighting. If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. Spies are the most important element in war, because upon them depends an army's ability to move. All warfare is based on deception. The general who wins a battle makes many calculations before the battle is fought. There is no instance of a country having benefited from a prolonged war. The clever combatant looks to the effect of combined energy, and does not require too much from individuals. In war, the way is to avoid what is strong and to strike at what is weak. When you surround an army, leave an outlet free. (So they can retreat). Move not unless you see an advantage; use not your troops unless there is something to be gained, fight not unless the position is critical. Taken as a whole this is a book of wisdom and principles on how to win. I rank it in my top ten books I have ever read. It is a must have for any home library. The is a very small book that is quick and easy to read.
Note: this is a LARGE PRINT edition. The Art of War (sun1 zi3 bing1 fa3 in pinyin with tone numbers, as Amazon doesn't like Chinese text), a book really more about recapturing peace than promoting war, despite its title, is still considered essential reading in the area of military studies. It is more than just ways to win; it's a treatise on humanity. There is not a single aspect of military positioning that Sun Tzu omits, something the Lionel Giles (this is a reprint of his 1910 translation) expresses wonderfully. There seems to be a frequent misconception that Tzu's work is somehow an Eastern version of Machiavelli's "The Prince." This could not be farther from the truth. One passage epitomizes this (again in pinyin): "gu4 yue1: zhi1 bi3 zhi1ji3, yi1bai3 zhan4 bu4 dai4; bu4zhi1 bi3 er2 zhi1ji3, yi1 sheng4 yi1 fu4; bu4zhi1 bi3, bu4zhi1 ji3, mei3 zhan4 bi4 dai4. gu4 yue1: zhi1 bi3 zhi1ji3, bai3zhan4bu4dai4; bu4zhi1 bi3 er2 zhi1ji3, yi1 sheng4 yi1 fu4; bu4zhi1 bi3, bu4zhi1 ji3, mei3 zhan4 bi4 dai4." My Chinese isn't great, but here's a basic translation: "one hundred victories in one hundred battles is not winning; defeating the enemy without battling is the pinnacle of victory." Whether you're planning on going into the military, need to replace your old, beaten-up copy, want to learn more about the Eastern mind, or just need a gift for an old veteran whose eyesight may be failing, this book is an essential addition to any bookshelf.
This book came up in so many "must read" lists. From business &  leadership to Bill Belichik talking about it's value. I finally took the time to read this book and I was blown away at how much I took from it. A great read that is more applicable than you would imagine.
This highly regarded and ancient work has been translated by Thomas Cleary with more subtle thought than other wooden stiff translations.  In addition to Cleary’s introductory commentary, there are commentaries from 9 Chinese sages, philosophers, military strategists that followed Sun Tzu. These commentaries were written over many years after Sun Tzu and often add depth and perception to the original short text.  A strength of Cleary’s perspective is the relationship of this classic piece of literature with Taoism. The secret of this book is that it is actually an anti-war book.  Throughout the book Master Sun urges caution, patience, calmness, preparation, thought, reflection, intelligence gathering, and avoidance of rash impulse and anger. It is this quality of the work, the Taoist philosophy that underlies the strategy, which would make this book of great interest to the corporate world. Master Sun advises on how to prepare for conflict, how to avoid it if at all possible, but if engaged in an unavoidable conflict, how to move forward with the greatest chance of victory.  Make no mistake, Master Sun does not have a simplistic view of victory since he reminds us that territory defeated must then become territory held, a vast task that requires different tactics.  Master Sun spends much of his book in regard to assessment.  Assessment of your own strengths and capacities, assessment of the enemy’s strengths and capacities, the use of a range of different types of spies, and other methods of assessment are discussed.  Master Sun believes that the more fore knowledge the general has, the better he can develop a winning strategy.  This leads to a second theme throughout the writing of Master Sun which is the need to develop a strategy for action before taking any action.  If anything, the book warns against anger and rash action, but rather the development of a strategy and the assessment of the opponent’s strategy.  Another strength is that Master Sun tells us that having more troops, more forts, more weapons, etc. is no guarantee of success and that it is the cognitive aspects of warfare that can make the essential difference. It is difficult to compare this book to that of Machiavelli’s The Prince since Machiavelli’s book deals with armed conflict but also with political infighting and the brutal necessities of ruling and leadership. Because war is a dirty wasteful business, Master Sun’s book could be considered a great anti-war book since he warns against anger and revenge and places the center of warfare in the human brain, not in the heated emotions.
Is anyone buying this book cause of Technoblade? 10/10 it won the potato wars.
A common sense approach to war. May it be with an army or interpersonal there is always a battle to be fought and won. Consider this a short and handy reference guide to outwit your opponent.
Obviously written about wartime tactics, but I actually saw a number of parts that applied to leadership within my corporate work environment. I understand that the translations to English are sketchy at places, but the fact that this edition had more footnotes and author commentary than actual content was quite annoying. I skimmed most of that and just read the introductions/history and the translation itself. If I were a general in the armed forces, I'm sure I would spend more time analyzing this and appreciate it more... But still good stuff.
We've all heard of this book; it's actually worth reading.  Even though Sun Tzu, if he existed at all, was roughly a contemporary of Homer and Isaiah, much of his advice seems pertinent today.  And, of course, the work is quite a window into Chinese culture and history.  The Kindle edition I read was initially published in 1910, translated by and including commentary by Lionel Giles.  Perhaps the oddest advice by Sun Tzu was for the general to keep his plans hidden from his own forces as well as those of the enemy; the most annoying characteristic (noted by Giles) is the typical Chinese approach of dividing a broad category (e.g., types of terrain) into a long list of subcategories that overlap but are not comprehensive.
This ancient book of military strategy has been followed by military men and businessmen for thousands of years-two notable ones being Generals MacArthur and Patton. This work is attributed to Sun Tzu, a high ranking general in China about 5,000 years ago, though several other strategists are also quoted. Master Sun believed that war was a necessary evil, and must be avoided whenever possible. He felt like capturing an army or city intact was far better than destroying it. His book outlines 13 chapters of military strategy, covering everything from morale, use of spies, to position and timing.
This book unfortunately seems to have been published before it was ready, as other reviewers also note. The elementary error on the Table of Contents page (with Chapter IX [9] appearing between Chapter IV [4] and Chapter V [5]) suggests no professional proofreader or editor involved.  The other spelling, grammatical, and content errors that appear in the text suggest that the material is a largely unchanged Project Gutenberg text file: [...] All in all, the publisher should really release a second edition that fixes the myriad easy to find errors.  Particularly since this book is obviously selling well and the publisher ought therefore have the funds with which to do so. In the meantime, a comparable edition at the same price (but properly proofread and corrected) is the Pax Librorum edition:   which is fully downloadable/previewable via a PDF eBook at the publisher's website.  Or just about any other one from more well-known and established publishers.
I am a high school science teacher. After reading this volume of The Art of War twice over two years, I realized that my teaching employs Sun Tzu's techniques. First and foremost, when you go to war, both sides have already lost. I have looked at other volumes and I'm sure they have their positives, but for the average Jane or Joe who wants the essence of Sun Tzu this is the volume. I have given away dozens of copies to various students over the years that I buy used online. I also sell my honey and produce at a local farmer's market. I tell my students that business is legalized warfare. Again, Sun Tzu is there to give tips on product competition, pricing and grower reputation. James Clavell was brilliant in this edition of a centuries popular text.
Badly formatted. Only a tiny fraction of the book is original source material the rest is verbose prologue and the editor's own explanation of every single quote. We can't just relax and read the original, the editor is there on every page trying too dissect and analyze every word.
I had heard a lot of praise about this historic book before cracking it open.  The principles came across as valuable as a social tool for me that I can implement as a father, a businessman, and a coach.  In terms of the value of the lessons taught within the Art of War, my expectations were met precisely. I was pleasantly surprised when I realized how easy to read the book was.  The breaking into verses and chapters made it feel a lot like scripture, which is, to me, an easy format to read.  Every copy of the Art of War I have seen has different commentary in the back; in my instance, the commentary had some valuable material, but altogether was not worth my time reading.  If you want to get smarter, read the Art of War!
Crazy but true this book helped me during my divorce. I read it and realized how many of the tips about "war" can be used in everyday struggles. I liked his tip about boring a person so they lose interest in you. Also fake weakness when you are strong or be fake being strong when you are weak. It sounds wild but, i divorced a narcissist and believe me some of it was useful. A good read for interest as well. It is a classic!
Did not read the reviews, which I normally do, didn't know it was a pamphlet.
AP World History Book Review: Put honestly, I am a student using my parent's account who needs to write this review for a history class, but don't think that changes my opinion of the book. All in all, I found reading this book, or more accurately, treatise a thoroughly enlightening experience. Not only did it provide a rare insight into life back then through the eyes of a general, but it also manages an astounding feat which few other novels can accomplish: It is still accurate and relevant over two thousand years later. I will say that if your aim is to learn about the time period, there are better choices, but it was not written as a historical record. The general style feels as if it is simply giving you advice, and the fact that it is written in some sort of almost-second-person-but-also-kind-of-first-person style means that it feels like you’re having a conversation with Tzu. All things considered, I would certainly recommend reading this 2400-year-old military and political treatise.
The last place one would think to get advice and strategies to handle an undesirable work situation. The timing could not be more perfect for I fear, I am fighting my own warfare -- one of the mind, and often unwitty comments from an unmentioned co-worker. The battlefield is in an office space instead of a faraway country.
They are just seemingly random pictures from ancient China and have no relation to anything in the text.  The text itself is well formated if you want to read all of the annotations and asides (and I found most of them quite helpful in understanding the various interpretations of the text and the choices the translator made when bringing it to English. However, if you just want the translation of the original text without interruption, this may not be the version for you. It would have been best to have set the asides into an annotation section and provide links to them from within the text as I have seen done in other Kindle versions. If this is ever updated to do that or if the illustrations had more to do with the text instead of feeling tacked on for the sake of selling this as an illustrated version then I could happily change my rating to five stars.
The Art of War is a must-read book by anyone who love The Romance of Three Kingdoms, popular chivalry story based on the history of 3rd century China. I think it is a wise idea to read this Chinese classic from Thomas Cleary Translation. Had I encountered this from Archaic worded Japanese version I might not get so immersed into it. Cleary translation is really understandable even to non-native English speaker like me. Also it is great idea that the interpretation of notables including Cao Cao comes after the Master Sun's text. Comparing interpretation is really a fun. What I am impressed most about this book is it says that if you can avoid the war better not to fight. And its idea of how to manage an army is really close to modern idea of organizing groups particularly business corporations. Verdict: Nice gateway to Chinese classics Rating: 90 out of 100 Recommended for wide variety of Chinese literature and classic books fans.
The original book written in Chinese is a great strategy book, however, the English translation in this version is so poor that it is obvious that the translator did not fully comprehend nor being able to convey the essense of these strategies. Keep in mind that Chinese language must be taken in its entire context, not seperated into individual characters and then translated word for word. What the translator has done in this case is equivalent to, for example, when English speakers say "Today, it rained cats and dogs", the translator automatically translated into "Today, it rained cats (as in the sense of house pet) and dogs (as in the sense of house pet)" instead of translating into "Today, it rained heavily". Another version of translation published by Publisher Cloud Hands (see Amazon [amazon.com/gp/product/0974201324])  seem to do a much better job than this version. So don't waste your money on this version.
This is a well-edited edition of Sun Tzu; the only aspect that left something to be desired was the inclusion of illustrative anecdotes; I would have preferred if they were left to the end of the chapter. I can understand why this book was a fad in the business world but object to claims that the tactics described in this book are easily applied to business.  This is a book about conflict, specifically, war, and there is much wisdom lost if it is taken out of its context.  There is much excellent advice for analogous situations; political persuasion and debate, games of Go, Shogi or Chess, or even sporting events. When taken from the world of conflict to the business, the realm of cooperation (in the sense that competing businesses compete to cooperate the best with their customers), The Art of War becomes yet another tome of "Eastern" sayings which sound pretty and can be "applied to any situation" only because they come to mean very little. Those who will be in a conflict situation or wish to prepare for one, even if it is a simple game of Go, should study this book.  Read the text and the anecdotes, and come back later to read it again gaining fresh insight.
I bought/"gifted" this version for all my junior NCOs.  I would give it to them on a Friday and I would have them brief me on what they read and how it could relate to them and all the way up to how it can apply to militaries as a whole.  I must of bought at least 20 to 30 copies of this in the past.  It is concise andan easy read.  I also have 10 different versions of "The Art of War" through different interpretations.  This by far the best!  It would be nice if Amazon put this in Kindle format, I would buy it the day it comes out.
This book on War is much like the Prince - you can wage war for good or evil. The Prince is a 'how to' book for evil Princes - and if you don't believe me, read your history. One of the best books I read after this one was about the family that Machiavelli consulted for and wrote the Prince for and about, the Borgia's. Its an example of The Art of War Check it out: Machiavelli's Disciple: The True Story of the Borgia Pope   You will be astounded!
I purchased this book at my local Borders Bookstore, and after reading the text, was very happy to have spent the price it is worth. There were two people on this page, who gave the book low ratings. After reading what they had to say, I can tell you that they don't understand "The Art of War", or how to apply it to our life today. You see philosophy isn't just books written to give you an easy path through life. No! Philosophy is meant to get the reader thinking and to take what was said and learned before and apply it to their life today. Sort of like what Bruce Lee said, "absorb what is useful". This means take what applies to your life, or what you can use in your life, and forget about the rest, it doesn't matter to you. I would recommend this book for those who are interested in Chinese history, military history, and philosophy. No matter what you are interested in, you won't go wrong by buying this book.
I'm not sure if this is the actual version I wanted to read, and with that said, maybe didn't get the gist of the Art of War.
I was expecting it to be more In depth and deeper but Found it to be short and even though it is illustrated I am not so sure if this is the go all end all for "The Art of War". Maybe since my little hardcover book is a Compressed and "Abridged" or shorter version of the translation I am not sure but either way I found it insightful but certainly not what I was expecting. The foreword to my version talks about Fidel and Mao who used the art of war among many others,I don't know why this evil is mentioned,All in All not what I expected.
I feel the preponderance of business books has built up the original too much in my mind. It just felt very dry. Very boring. No, it's not a novel meant to entertain, but I expected some modicum of enjoyment out of it. Plus, given the passage of time and the nature of war, it's not really that relevant anymore. So while others may rave about this, I just...can't. It's not worth it, and the hype really needs to die down already.
This edition is not an abridged version. This is the FULL, COMPLETE & ORIGINAL text. Apparently another reviewer wasn't too familiar with this work as it isn't overly large but that's the way the complete version is. Go complain to Sun Tzu! :-) This edition is exactly what I wanted. It's the complete text, and nicely designed, too. While "The Art of War" was originally intended as a book of military strategy, it is today more frequently used as an invaluable guide for business strategy. Highly recommended!
Each section is profound and applicable to almost any endeavor. The context and translation is illuminating to an otherwise inaccessible text.
Just buy Sun Tsu.  Still a good read and does quote Sun Tsu. But if on a budget this will give you good quality info.
Not the best version of the book
I got this particular edition of Sun Tzu's Art of War at a strategy course for sales. I already had a copy of it at home, but this edition is so nicely done that I gave my old copy away and kept this one. The introduction of James Clavell is a nice touch. It is amazing to me that this book is not read in high schools or colleges in favor of Machiavelli's work (The Prince or The Art of War.) Sun Tzu's writing is clear and to the point. Unlike the popular Book of Five Rings by Musashi, this book is not metaphorical and poetic; it's downright practical. And it's not hard to read, unlike many classics. If you are doing business in China, this is also a good book to know. I mentioned some of the classic strategies while giving a course in China, and every member of the class had read it, knew it well, and gave me many examples from recent Chinese history where Sun Tzu's strategies were employed. This book is close to their hearts, and will give you insight if you are doing business in the East. Of course, the most famous anecdote from this book is about gaining the obedience of troops; the emperor, wishing to interview Sun Tzu for the commission of general, asked if Sun Tzu's military principles could be applied to women. Sun Tzu replied yes, the principles worked for women as well as men. Accordingly, Sun Tzu was given the task of organizing the emperor's many concubines into an army. Sun Tzu lined up the concubines and set the two favorites as officers at the head of the columns. He gave them a simple set of orders to march and drill (eyes front, right face, about face. The drums sounded and instead of following the commands, the girls simply giggled and blushed. He repeated the orders again, saying that if the orders were not clear, it is first the fault of the general. He repeated the commands, and the girls simply stood and giggled again.  "If words of command are not clear and distinct, if orders are not thoroughly understood, the general is to blame. But if his orders ARE clear, and the soldiers nevertheless disobey, then it is the fault of their officers."  Upon saying this, he ordered the two concubines at the head of the troop, favorites of the emperor, to be beheaded. The emperor hurriedly sent down the command to stop, he had no desire to see his favorites executed. The emperor said "We are satisfied that the general knows how to command." But Sun Tzu said, "Once having received the commission, there are certain commands I am unable to accept." And he ordered the two favorites to be beheaded. Once again, he gave the commands. The concubines marched, whirled about and drilled in perfect order.  The emperor appointed Sun Tzu general.
Few of the classics have that timeless quality that a reader finds enduring. The Art of War is one of those, with its wisdom and lessons in how to predict what your enemies will do, and common-sense advice on how to avert disaster. This book has long been a favorite of business executives and entrepreneurs, and I highly recommend its wisdom to anyone in the present day who is trying to make their way in an uncertain and unpredictable world economy. This is an easy to read book suitable to people from any walk of life. Arm yourself with it and use it wisely. Pam Harrison [...]   Tags: strategy, leadership, military science, military strategy, warrior, sun tzu, war, exalted inspiration, fantasy
My history with the book is listening to is a tape deck version of Lionel Giles reading of Art of War. Product Review: Product casing; Case outside is paper with a sleeve inside containing the 2 CDs, but has room to store up to 4 CDs. Product itself; This new version gives readers spectacular ambience with the reading. 1) There are 4 voices within the reading. B.D Wong I believe is the younger sounding voice, his reading adds a little bit of Asian highlights giving more life to the books reading. Ron Silver I believe is the older sounding low voice, his reading adds a relaxing, clear understanding of the language and tone of the book. Both readers do a very good job. The other two voices read commentaries, quotes and questions. Stefan Rudnicki has a rugged voice deeper low voice. Shauna Zurbrugg is the only female voice and gives something different from the male voices. There sounds like a 5th voice at times, but no other reader is mentioned. 2) There is subtle music in the beginning/end of chapters; it would seem to be an Asian decent lullaby. 3) There is no static whatsoever, so it's truly a digital mastered recording. 4) The chapters are separated so you can skip to which chapter you want to hear. If you're trying to decide between the many copies of this book, I'd suggest this one if the price is the same or very close as you will be happy and satisfied. If a price is substantially different go with the cheaper one as most readings are very similar for this book in the two readers I have come across.
I assume amazon is once again shadily mixing reviews because some of the other reviews clearly read a different book than me. The translation is all over the place, in some places it's fine yet in others grammar, syntax, and even the basic vocabulary is lost. If you want an idea of how much proofreading was done prior to release, let me give you the chapter order. 1, 2, 3, 4, 9, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 11, 12, 13 - I'm not joking, they didn't even manage to count to 5 right. I wish I had had a chance to read this before the return date passed, this literary abortion would have gone straight back to the cheap, illiterate womb from which it came...
The first time I read this book I found it amazing. Sun Tzu was an extraordinary master of the topic. Many world leaders of the past and the present have found inspiration throughtout these pages. This book has transformed the vision of many people, even the common citizen. If you want to gain knowledge and manage art of living facing every day inner war The Art of War is yours!!
Difficult to read.  But very insightful.  The strategy of modern warfare.  Discussed by Asian warlord a thousand years a go.
Can’t remove it from my queue
I read a translation of this book, here in Brazil. Being writen in China, more than 2,500 years ago, this book is a proof that a great book doesn't gets older. The focus of this book is military tactics, but it is usefull for everyone. United States of America won World War III or Cold War, following the advice of this book: The biggest military conquest is to win, without fighting. And this book is full of great advices for any commander. You must know your enemy is one of these advices. Such as the Bible, this Sun Tzu's book is forever.
Simply put, this book contains a great deal of useful wisdom.  This information is presented in short sentences and statements, so do not expect lengthy dialogue and is most likely a cliff note version of the original but still worth a few dollars.  Some of it is obvious and commonsensical whereas other points may be obscure or not obvious to the reader.  Regardless, for those who have interest in warfare and strategy it is worth reading.
A book about drug lords in North Dakota
This is a great book for learning  the tactics of war from the eyes of a general, it can apply to daily life under the right circumstances and helps me get a grasp of war and its inner workings.
This book has much wisdom for today even though it was written so long ago. I was able to draw many parallels not only to the war situation of today, but also to the business world as well. I will admit that there were times that I thought the book was communicating more than I was receiving. While it is a short book, for the full impact to be felt, it is one that needs to be taken slowly and in short bursts in my opinion. Since the wisdom has transcended time, it truly is a classic.
An excellent way to come across as a learned individual without actually having to obtain a degree in literature! The perfect vehicle to aid you in exploiting western society's fetishisation of people who can rattle off seemingly-profound quotes or make obscure literary references. Are you a STEM PhD looking to match one of those English/literature majors in displaying a facade of cultured sensitivity? This is the book for you!
You can easily overlook the depth of this work as it is quite a short and simple read. However in terms of symbolism it can be related to many aspects of life and strategy applied past the battlefield. I think given the knowledge return on investment for such a quick read, everyone should read it at least once. I plan to revisit it now and again to look for additional meaning.
I bought this book because its commonly recommended for managers. I'ts honestly the DUMBEST thing i have ever read.  Maybe if you consider management to be some kind of battle field, this might make sense to you.  For me, this line of thinking represents everything thats backwards and nonsensical in managerial thinking -- so.... good luck with it.
Great principles
For some reason, chapter 9 is put in between chapters 4 and 5.  I researched this to see if this is common with other editions, and it is not.  There is no information or explanation as to why this was done, and it is noted in the table of contents, which tells me it was done deliberately.  I am likely going to return this item and find a copy that has everything in the correct order.
A definite must have for anyone in any field or curriculum
Classic book about the mental and tactical aspects of battle. Great read
If I wanted cliff notes, I would have googled. This is a piece of garbage.
This book is a must for history buffs and students of life. The 2000 year old principles still apply today. The concepts touch on how to think like a leader and apply strategies for life and war. Sometimes the two are the same. This large print edition is a condensed primer that will enlighten you while helping improve your own strategic thought processes.
Lo que aparece en esa pelicula se puede aplicar a casi cualquier situación de la vida.
what a classic piece!  i ordered this through my kindle for $0, so, the price was perfect!  honestly, i can not comment on the quality of the translation.  i assume that it is accurate.  i found that it was a fast read, until i stopped and thought about what he was saying.  the author's comments often coincided with the places where i felt the need to stop and reflect.  this was superb and it is a book that i intend to re-read.  while i prefer peace to war, the content herein can be applied to even peaceful efforts.  i highly recommend this book for every cadet in the academies and junior officers.  everybody else with an interest in the strategies and tactics of competitive engagement also would benefit from reading this.  i give this a solid "A".
A common sense guide to the embattled leader.  In this classic, the reader will find advice on building alliances, considering advantages and disadvantages, maintaining morale, maintaining discretion, avoiding self-glory, and adapting to ever-changing circumstances.  All of these qualities are necessary in business and life.
Going in, my expectations were high -- The Art of War is praised as an all-time classic; equally applicable today as when it was first written; a philosophical insight into all manners of conflict, including business and (some have claimed) even romance! I did not find all of these things, here. Instead, I found a brief and simple outline of various battle tactics and tautologies, usually on the level of the field general. This is not to say that this is worthless, or that there is no way of taking the information and applying it -- via analogy -- to problems today. But I did not find it compellingly analogous to today's world, or no more so than any number of older works. The Art of War is a short, fast read. It is worth reading for its historical significance, and for a few insights that are not strictly obvious, and some of it may be applicable (with some mental stretching) to your quest to be promoted to the next level of management, or romantic victory over a rival, or whatever it is in your life that approximates "war." If other people find profound, life-altering depth in its lists of the types of terrain, or observations that it's better to attack your foe when they're tired, rather than well-rested, etc., then more power to them. I feel it's possible, however, that some of this depth lies more in the creative extrapolations of the reader than in the work itself.
If you're looking to unlock the arcane secrets of modern warfare, this is probably not the book for you. Much of the information in this book applies to ancient chinese warfare and general strategy/tactics, as can be expected. Still a decent read.
Great and quick read. It is a bit of a rough translation but for the most part you get the message. Id heard a lot of this book and glad I finally gave it a read.
I checked out the free sample and it's a copy of the free edition already available through project guttenberg and is free through Amazon! So why would anyone pay even a dollar? It says it's an updated version, but frankly I saw no updates in the sample I downloaded, it was *exactly* the same as the free copy I already had...except for the jacket cover which with my kindle is utterly useless! I wouldn't pay a dollar also on principle, what work have they done to merit it? I couldn't see any. If it's there, it's not obvious in the sample. Avoid.
C'mon if you haven't read this u need to push that rock out of your way.
I am going to talk about what is The Art Of War for people who has not read it yet. Other reviews on the same page says enough about the edition and publication. The Art Of War by Sun Tzu is a precious material to study for military theoriees, decoding how people think and that certain period of acient Chinese history. I have read the original( Chinese version)and been taught some of it in high school. To get the most out of your interactions with others, this text will give you the tools to make things go your way. The text would teach you how to make a plan for anything in daily life and usually that plan would works if ur are basicly smarter than your opponents. You can consider yourself as a nation in the text, which makes your move in your work become the army in the text. Also socially relationships would be like politics or diplomacy in the book. However, In the acient wars between nations, there is no ethic. But you are the key to make it useful in a good way. I suggest audience of Sun Tzu to do a little research on Sun Tzu's private life. There were a lot of interesting events happened, knowing which will be a great help on understanding The Art Of War further.
For centuries, people have been referencing Sun Tzu to either contradict and justify or even glorify war. However, I think his most influential work responds only to an era that no longer exists and an era that we shouldn't keep on reviving. We must embrace a new system of thought or more applicable political theory.
The Art of War has in recent decades been applied to such modern day problems as politics and business - really anything where conflict can surface.  It was also suggested reading during my entire time in business school.  So, I finally pulled the trigger and read the "original" (or at least the most well-regarded translation) The Art of War.  The most impressive thing to me (which is explained in the introductory material) is how well the Chinese recorded their history.  My only complaint about the introductory materials was that most great Chinese historical figures have multiple names - this makes it hard to track who is who in some of the commentaries.  The actual strategies themselves are full of guidelines on determining your opponent's weaknesses, exploiting them and achieving victory.  Not exactly full of moral or ethical advice, so I can't use much of it.  I'm glad that I read it as it gave me a great look into Chinese history...but its practical use in my world is limited.
I love "The Art of War" specifically for making you read it SLOWLY... You can breeze through it in 5 minutes, but it was really meant to take a dose-a-day of it, ponder on the connection to your personal life and do your own interpretation. This is also why I particularly liked this edition, which doesn't include any notes, historical contexts, introductions etc. It really doesn't need any - the words speak for themselves if you just listen close enough... And it makes the book small and carryable in my bag for the right moment when I can take a sip of wisdom.
Classic great read
In a time when competition is at its highest, it's even more important to go back to a time when the battle was for life or death.  If you're in SALES, you need to adopt the teachings of The Art of War to win when you can't, to win when you lose, and to win more when you win.  The art of "peacefully coexisting" will help your clients win and with better results.  When your clients know that you are in it for them and willing to coexist with your competition, who wins?  Everyone.  Read the book or get the audio book and you'll understand why.  Your client's will appreciate it and so will your bank account.
FALSE ADVERTISING!!!!!!!  THIS IS AN ADDICTION SELF HELP BOOK WITH SOME CLIFF NOTES FROM THE REAL BOOK IN THE BACK, DO NOT BUY!!!
This is the old, public domain translation of The Art of War. I had to return this book, along with a few others which suffer from this problem. Luckily, Amazon handled the exchange of the two books I had to return promptly. As to the The Art of War itself, it is of course the most important work on military philosophy ever written (at least that's what my husband told me to write). I am plowing through the other deluxe edition I received instead of this one with the errors, but so far it is just as fascinating as the special about The Art of War I saw on the History Channel.
This ancient classic of 13 chapters was written over 2,500 years ago by the legendary Chinese general Sun Tzu. It is a must have for military buffs that enjoy reading about the tactics of the most succesful generals. It is rumored that Napoleon used a French translation of the Art of War to his advantage while conquering most of Europe, and he lost when he broke its principles. The principles that are with in this ancient text can also be used in games of strategy, business conflicts, and the day to day battles of life. Here are ten principles to give you a sample of the wisdom found in its pages: Supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance with out fighting. If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. Spies are the most important element in war, because upon them depends an army's ability to move. All warfare is based on deception. The general who wins a battle makes many calculations before the battle is fought. There is no instance of a country having benefited from a prolonged war. The clever combatant looks to the effect of combined energy, and does not require too much from individuals. In war, the way is to avoid what is strong and to strike at what is weak. When you surround an army, leave an outlet free. (So they can retreat). Move not unless you see an advantage; use not your troops unless there is something to be gained, fight not unless the position is critical. Taken as a whole this is a book of wisdom and principles on how to win. I rank it in my top ten books I have ever read. It is a must have for any home library. The is a very small book that is quick and easy to read.
I have read several translations of The Art of War and Thomas Cleary's version is by far the best. It is a book to be read and reread, time and time again; focused, concerted and rich in understanding the nature and expression of resistance and conflict. Regardless of whether you are interested in deep confrontation, battle or war, this excellently edited edition will have something of interest for you. Published primarily for use in world philosophy and studied at military universities and academies around the world, this book is very constructive in providing a well researched, diversion sampling from one of the most important theorists in the field, Sun Tzu (544 BC - 496 BC). Although the philosophies contained in this text can be challenging at times, in the end the perceptive is absolute. As the seriousness of our global problems persist and even worsen, this book will continue to be a highly informative source of information for leaders and citizens for years to come. And for those who are looking for a more methodical approach to examining our relationship with the world, as opposed to the more publicized takes, this book will be especially valued.
Basic learning when it comes to tactfully maneuvering the business world, personal life or any other relationship. Classic and a great read.
Good
Love it
This is propaganda. Hating on the Japanese and all, how despicable.
Very inspirational. Allowed my wife and I to learn more about psychology and how often many play a victim versus the threat. Also goes into detail about being focus and it allowed us to have a better in site in other people behavioral patterns. Plus it's just an awesome novel.
Two points in this book:  Know your enemy, and Only fight when you can win, speak volumes to how the NVA fought the Vietnam war. They were very consistent in fighting on their terms, and only when it was advantageous to them.
this is a amazing book ,hard strategies but easy to understand .  Sun Tzu is a genius and was a great General.This free edition comes with everything included.a great read and I recommend it to anyone who wants a good book to read
Instead of being too late, sacrifice whatever is not coming along right in the moment that presents an opportunity, or everything might fall into the hands of the enemy. Monetary mushroom clouds work according to the strategies in this book.
Battle of the Sexes, I could relate to this as a strategy for family and relationship disputes and business decisions, remain faithful to the mission
This is an awesome book and a great gift idea. However, I paid 4.00 for mine on Amazon so anything more than that is crazy.
Great read
Hard to read but can't stop trying.
Sun Tzu begins his treatise by saying that "The art of war is of vital importance to the State. A matter of life and death, a road either to safety or to ruin." Sun Tzu says that the art of war is governed by five factors. These are: (1) The Moral Law - this causes people to be in complete accord with their ruler, so that they will follow him regardless of their lives. (2) Heaven - stands for the seasonal conditions. (3) Earth - stands for the physical terrain ("distances great and small, open ground and narrow passes.") (4) The Commander - the virtues of the military commander. (5) Method and discipline - the marshalling of the army and its divisions (logistics, expenditure) Sun Tzu says that all warfare is based on deception. The objective of war is victory. Sun Tzu says that if the campaign is long-drawn-out, the resources of the State will not be equal to the strain. Sun Tzu says that there is no instance of a country benefiting from prolonged warfare. Sun Tzu says that there is no merit in fighting and conquering. Merit consists in breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting. Sun Tzu quotes the proverb "If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat." Sun Tzu says that "The fighters must first put themselves beyond the possibility of defeat, and then wait for an opportunity of defeating the enemy. To secure ourselves against defeat lies in our own hands, but the opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by a mistake on the enemy's part." Security against defeat implies defensive tactics, and the ability to defeat the enemy means taking the offensive. Battles are won by committing no mistakes. Sun Tzu says that in war the strategist only seeks battle after the victory has been won, whereas the one destined to defeat first fights and looks for victory afterwards! Sun Tzu says that in war the direct method may be used for commencing battle, but indirect methods will be needed in order to secure victory. There are only two methods of attack - the direct and the indirect - but in combination these give rise to an endless series of strategies. Sun Tzu says that one can be sure of success if one only attacks places which are undefended (weak points). On the other hand, the safety of the defense can be ensured only if one holds positions that cannot be attacked (strong points). Sun Tzu says that if one knows the place and the time of the coming battle, one can marshal one's forces from afar. Sun Tzu advices the general not to repeat the tactics (that have gained one victory) again and again. The way is to avoid what is strong and to strike at what is weak - like water, taking the line of least resistance. Sun Tzu says that maneuvering with a disciplined army is advantageous, but with an undisciplined multitude most dangerous. An army without its supply-train, without provisions and without bases of supply is lost. Forming a single cohesive body, it is impossible either for the brave to advance alone, or for the cowardly to retreat alone. Sun Tzu says that it is a military axiom not to advance uphill against the enemy, nor to oppose him when he comes downhill. Sun Tzu says that the art of war teaches us to rely not on the likelihood of the enemy's not coming, but rather on the fact that we have made our position unassailable. Sun Tzu says that five faults must be avoided: Recklessness, Cowardice, A hasty temper, A (false) sense of honor and Over concern for one's troops. Sun Tzu says that if fighting is sure to result in victory, then the general must fight even though the ruler forbids it; if fighting will not result in victory, then the general must not fight even at the ruler's commands. The general must advance without coveting fame and retreat without fearing disgrace. Sun Tzu says that rapidity is the essence of war. And that the army must be kept continually on the move. Sun Tzu says that a spirit of enterprise must be cultivated if one wants to succeed in the attack and win the battle. Otherwise, war is just a waste of time and will lead to a stalemate. Sun Tzu warns that the general should be fully prepared for war - because a kingdom that has been destroyed can never again come into being, and the dead can not be brought back to life. For those interested in the study of war and war strategy, you can't do without this book...
Cheap edition of a classic text. The information is all there, but it's riddled with typos.
I bought this as a gift for my son who just took over as CEO for a multinational manufacturing operation. Hopefully this will be as helpful to him as "The Prince" was. As always, packaging and delivery was flawless. Way to go Amazon!
I've read several interpretations and translations of The Art of War. Although this is not the most famous presentation, it is quite informative and is, by far, the most enjoyable.
This book is red by almost every officer during his or her life. It contains so much valuable info about war strategy and life in general​.
This is a good read with many proverbs and sayings that are still applicable to modern times.  Sun Tzu is vague, and it for that very reason that this book is ever-lasting. Also recommended: The 36 strategies, The book of five rings (Go Rin No Sho), and the Hagakure.
Wasn't what I expected but informational and to the point. Makes me want to fight lol
Love this book. It can be used in all fields of work.
Great book
Very good book
No pictures whatsoever
Having read about a half dozen versions of The Art of War... most with extensive footnotes and difficult translations, I found that this version, which was supplied to us at Motorola on a training session, was my clearest and practical read.
Good explanations as well
Granted, most readers will find some wisdom in "The Art of War"; on the other hand, perhaps most of this "wisdom" is simply common sense dressed up in militaristic metaphors. I know that some of the popularity behind this book stems from the fact that plenty of its readers (usually male) are hip-hop figures, business types, and budding entrepreneurs. I'm sure the occasional gang leader took some leadership cues from Sun Tzu (was there really a Sun Tzu?) and this probably created an almost cult-like devotion to an "ok" book. I believe it's not quite one of the best leadership books ever, as some might suggest. Read it to relieve your curiosity, then delve into more modern tomes by folks such as Seth Godin or Guy Kawasaki if you're looking to start a business in today's world. In addition, you'll gain still more by reading biographies by one of today's business leaders.
It's a classic that you can read in under an hour. One of the best books I have read. Simple, basic, and a great strategy foundation. I refer to it all the time. Great book from a historical standpoint, but certainly is a great asset in business.
As a business major, The Art of War is an excellent tool when it comes to strategizing. However, this book goes beyond the professional. On a personal level, Sun Tzu's writings can apply to all aspects of life and it certainly has helped me. I can only imagine how effective this book is for the military...
This book is amazing, something everyone should read. For philosophy and life, this book is a must read.
This is well known as the classic text on the subject of both war and business.  There's much wisdom here and you don't have to be a corporate psychopath to appreciate it.  Tony Morphett
I was expecting this book to be more interesting than it was.  I had just read The Prince by Machiavelli and really enjoyed it, but The Art of War was just less interesting in my opinion.  The most memorable part is early on when Sunzi demonstrates his leadership by training the king's concubines to obey the orders of a general.  That story is definitely worth a look.
I was expecting more from this book. Doesn't look like a lot of work went into making this.
I love this book. It basically tells you how to win at war and it is fun just to read, but it is especially good if you want to win at something. It doesn't have to be war. Anything that requires strategy. It has much wisdom. I do have complaints though. In this print of it, there are far too many notes. one fellow said that this was the footnotes. That is not true. There is a ton of notes put in at the beginning, though, (many pages) so I can see how someone could make that mistake. It is a great book over all, but it doesn't need nearly as many notes as it has.
The "translator" decided to spend most of his time creating his own content and offering a self serving history lesson rather than just letting the text work as it has for centuries.
There are translations about other masters and theologists about what the words Master Sun was saying, not just Master Suns words alone. This is not just a guide to waging warfare, but to corperate life, everyday life, and every aspect fo day to day living. This is deep Taoist philosophy, so prepare to be enlightened! A true timeless classic.
This is a great book. The advice is timeless and not always what you'd first expect. It has stood well through time and most translations.
Mandatory military read. All those who have served, will serve, and are serving, regardless of rank should add this to your professional materials and read.
The book is really presented in a beautiful format. Nice Book- For Library- But, The reading can change your tactic about life in General- A Must Read - Over & Over & Over Rodney- McAllen-Texas
Everyone should read this book at some point in their lives.  Even just one page if that's all you have time for.
If you know anything about the Art of War it's from quotations taken out of context that seem to say something and seem to be profound.  The idea is that actual war is a metaphor for the conflicts that one encounters in life and that the advice and tactics are just as applicable. Not really. This is a book about medieval Chinese warfare and by and large most of it is about precisely that, maybe ninety five percent.  If you want to find out how to get good at business, read a business book.  And if you want to get good at life, maybe get a self-help book.  If you are mostly interested in the history of the era, this is it.
Great book.
ON A 2006 FORD MUSTANG, YOU MUST REMOVE CLEAR LENSE AND SHOVE INTO SOCKET. LIGHTS STAYED ON DIMMLY AT FIRST, BUT MY CAR FIXES HERSELF.
Interesting Read.
Good price.
can be applied to real life situations
Some translation issues in this I think but you still get a good sense of the book. I have read it in 3 other versions and this is not my favorite.
This is just that stategies for war. I liked it because it gave me different look at any kind of conflict and what I need to consider prior to everyday conflicts.
Concise and accessible version of such the famous and prestigious jewel of Oriental and military literature. Certainly, Two thumbs up!
you can learn not only stuff about war, but can also apply this to daily life. using these techniques, you can be anything you set out to be. i highly recommend this book.
Seriously? They list this for sale!? Shameful.  Accidentally clicked on it. Accidental purchase.  Awaiting refund. Why would anyone buy this book when it is freely available in public domain with free quality downloads everywhere?  Title: The Art of War by Sun Tzu, Best translation by Lionel Giles, 1910. Free at both Gutenberg dot org and archive dot org. Listed under the heading: "Sunzi bing fa. English"
The seller was great! Shipped very fast. Just wasn't expecting it to be such a short book! Again everything was great unfortunately the book itself was kind of a let down.
My second book!
This book keeps appearing on my device but not on my amazon website account. Anyway, it seems this book would be better titled "the art of mastering your ego: cultivate the wisdom your aggressor cannot"
I enjoyed reading the philosophy about how to be an effective leader and the mindset to succeed in battle and in life.
Classic wisdom for war and life.
Wonderful book.
I aspire to cook like her one day. BEAUTIFUL BOOK. INSPIRING.
Excellent would purchase it again.
The Art of War is a book that you can take certain principles from and apply them to everyday life involving adapting and strategizing toward those who you consider an enemy. It's also a book that involves tactic about warfare itself, but it based on the reader's perception of how they choose to use it.
bought as a present for someone
this paperback description says it was written 2000 years ago, but if you click on the hardback version, its 2500 years ago.
Great book
good reading
 This book gives you the basics in a very supplier And logical way to grasp
Great book
A must read. For everyone. There are principles that everyone can use.
Everyone should read this, of course. Fast, fast delivery!! thx!
A must have classic.
Outstanding read!
I didn't order this.
I was disappointed when I started reading this book and only'd turned two pages when the book ended. I was angry. I hadn't wasted any money, because it was free, but I'd wasted time. This book doesn't even really have one sentence, and I can't see why some other reviewers said this raggedy book was informative and understandable. Don't buy this book.
Those who love this book should now read "The Art of Non War - by Kim Michaels. The art of war was written from an UNBALANCED state of consciousness - the state of consciousness which states that we are separate beings, separated from our planet and each other. Nothing can be further from the TRUTH. Without me having to go into any lengthy explanation, the books Infinite Mind by Valarie Hunt and The Biology of Belief by Bruce H. Lipton - PhD (including Dr. Lipton's YouTube presentation) should be read...in addition to viewing the YouTube video "Earth Seen From Space" Keep in mind Einstein's equation which states that EVERYTHING is energy therefore, our life experience and the life of the planet it's self is based upon the interaction of the various energy systems. Sand storms in the Sahara desert find it's way into the Amazon jungle AND northeastern states in the US - along with all the pollutants emitted from bombs exploded in the middle east and transported to the Sahara by the jet streams in that region, thus affecting weather conditions WORLD WIDE So think twice before we support nuking anyone in that part of the world and / or using munitions manufactured from spent nuclear fuel. there is NO art in war...only death and destruction for ALL
Good read
Great read.
Tiny book, but good reading.
clear and concise.
very thin book, not alot of pages... also chapter 9 (the army on the march) comes right after chapter 4 in place of chapter 5 . I will probably end up donating this version and purchasing a better edition for my collection.
Cool
Lil bit confusing but the chapter regarding grounds is very useful The chapter about converting spies also makes sense. Nice.
great book i loved it so much i read it from front to back in one day. it was cool
I truly enjoyed this book. It is unlike any book I have ever read. But I found so many relevancies to my career, my journeys competing in pageant (which is a war within itself) and my life. When I heard it referenced by our President elect, while I was reading it, I knew I was right up there with the world's leaders. I recommend everyone from teens to adults read this book.
A great book, adapted and translated directly from the initial writing itself. As a result, the text gets right to the point. No fluff, filler, or individual interpretation; just the meat and potatoes, the way this type of book should be. Substitute: tanks for "chariots" and guns for "spears" and the book is easily adaptable in todays modern world.
like
this is an excellent book. highly recommended
Being a negotiation specialist (and author on Amazon), I read the hardcopy of this book from cover to cover. It is true that the book is celebrated as a classic (written over 2500 years ago and still on the Amazon Best Seller List (Negotiation category) - WOW!! Probably the Bible alone was more popular). And it is also true (I checked) that this book had influence on mostly Chinese and Japanese negotiation styles in the later part of the 20th century (today – not really, see below). But if you want to read this book in order to actually learn negotiations from it - you couldn't be more wrong, with all due respect to Mr. Tzu. "The Art of War" is about - newsflash - how to battle your wars better (as in REAL wars). Tzu was a proclaimed Chinese General from the 6th century BC. His book gives the best advice to the audience he intended it to be for: combat Generals. He addresses issues like how to seize a fortress or city, the importance of information security, when is the best time to attack (answer: in the evening) and the likes. From reading it, it doesn't seem Tzu had ANY INTENTION of writing a book on negotiation and certainly makes almost NO REFERENCE to negotiations, in war or elsewhere. [for more on Sun Tzu - see here: see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sun_Tzu#The_Art_of_War What raises the question – HOW was this book adopted by Japanese business circles in the 1970s and later by Chinese business culture? (yes, in that order). The answer is that the book DOES give several tips that – IN SPIRIT – apply to negotiations. For instance he discusses the importance of preliminary preparation before going out to battle (remember, he's talking about making sure the soldiers' weapons are intact). Does that apply to negotiations? – Absolutely YES; no doubt that a negotiator should be well prepared. But should he consider it a battle? Well, if you have done any negotiating with the Chinese or Japanese in the 90s, as I have, they possibly used to think that way, but today I feel that the climate has changed. Or let's take another pearl from the book: "Great warlords first win the battle, only then go out to combat". One would have to agree on that approach as well. But if you are a salesman, who just heard his customer say that "they need a 30% discount in order to even BEGIN negotiations on the deal" – how exactly is Tzu's insight helpful? To summarize, The Art of War is a great book for military strategy and tactics – as in West Point material. In modern business, however, I believe that seeing a negotiation as a combat or war will only cause loss of deals. The Chinese and Japanese are STILL skillful and tenacious negotiators, but their new generation of negotiators are more western oriented and probably never read this book. I could have passes myself.
Great read! you can actually learn a few things. I would recommend this book to anyone. it's a very well known book.
This is indeed a great book, then the ancient Chinese might not fully know what to do in warfare. But now this book as well as too many other books tells us only what to do, does not tell us how to do. The issue of how to do is perhaps the most difficult point in any activity.
A must!
Great read!!
The Giles translation of Sun Tzu's classic is available for the Kindle as a free download. Click here:   This is the Gutenberg Project public-domain text, which these other publishers have uploaded at prices ranging from $1 to $7. Save your money!
I agree that the translation can be a bit clumsy in places but if you overlook that you can fiind some real gems inside this unusual little book. I love the relevance of so many of the concepts and every time I flick through I find a new lesson or a new way to apply the same lessons in a different context. "Only fight your battles after the victory has been won." Loving' it.
It's OK.
Awesome advice on everyday life. Second best book after the Bible.  Especially good at applying to work and love.
There is a reason this book has survived for centuries. One of the best strategy books ever written.
Love it
The moment that I began to read this book I, began to realize how applicable it was to everything, from war to business, to relationships. War is in everything that we do, and Sun Tzu describes perfectly how to win every battle, even when you are outnumbered, and outmatched.
A great read no matter if your military or not. More a look into ones self and their capabilities. Great book enjoyed reading it.
seems as this book lacks any logical order and as such offers nothing but a fuzzy,messy, unreadble collection of words. the introduction is 1/4 of the book an is a compliment to be called an introduction.
Everyone should read this book.
Sun Tzu is poetic in his description of war tactics. It is interesting that his tactics developed centuries  ago are applicable and relevant today. "Hence, an enlightened ruler is needful and a good general full of caution. This is the way to keep a country at peace and an army intact."
The art of war is overrated. You can find a free pdf online, but it's not worth a read, though it is worth a skim through. I you really want a book worth reading, then read a book by Robert Greene. Robert Greene is a great nonfiction author and makes history interesting by deriving from it the best behaviors to achieve specific objects, whether they be seduction, power, warfare, or mastery.
book was in great condition when it arrived to my home. Love the book. easy buy.
THIS BOOK IS FULL OF GOOD ADVICE ON WAR AND DEFENSE..
Every military leader should read this book and refer to it frequently. You will be able to see clearly the cause of many of our military disasters...... and victories.
Our political leaders need to read it
I would have to say this book makes one of my top ten list as the best books of all time.
This is a book of strategy for psychological warfare--it helps you tackle the battles you face every day. One of the biggest themes is how to win a fight *before* it actually starts. If only our current government and military leaders had followed the wisdom of "The Art of War"...
Good
very interesting and now it makes it more clear the winners from the losers
GREAT PRODUCT!
I feel ripped off the book is like 70 pages long.  I could read that in an hour.  That really isn't even fair to classify this as a book.  A real book you don't even get into it until after 70 pages
looking for demonstrations of the war doctrine not statues
This book is a classic!  I bought and read this book out of curiosity.  It seems to me some of our recent contemporary U.S. "commanders" should have read this book before starting the Iraq war and taken its advise. This book is filled with strategy regarding conflict.  Some of the content is obviously way outdated.
The Art of War seems to be a classic piece of Chinese philosophy that is easy to translate into a mediocre work.  I've read a number of translations of Sun Tzu that are clunky and have none of the wit of the original text.  Now, I don't read ancient Chinese, but when a Chinese philisophical text reads like a manual for a microwave, you know something is lost in translation. On the other hand, this translation, done by Thomas Cleary, showed me the subtlety in the Art of War.  In addition to the work itself (which would make a very thin book) there is a long, interesting introduction written by the translator which I found very helpful in thinking about the Art of War, as well as helping to put the work in both a historical context, and the context amongst many of the other ancient Chinese philisophical works.  How Sun Tzu's work relates to Taoism is very interesting.  Also, there are selected commentation on each of the paragraphs of the Art of War.  These commentaries were written over different periods of time by different Chinese philosophers.  These help to show how many different points of view can exist over a single statement made by Sun Tzu. I find this translation very well done, and I can easily recommend it to anyone who wants to read The Art of War.
Silly
A must read for everyone...
Absolute classic, but here's the thing--its not really all that relevant to today's time.  A lot of people try to turn its stories into metaphors, but it seems to do its historical context a disservice.
 This is a magnificent book that tells as much about psychology as it does military strategy.
Great learning about other cultures are you a lion or a fox?
There was nothing extraordinary about the logic, strategies and tactics he has mentioned in the book.  I would say it is a good compilation of standard practices.
So this is the great book everyone loves? It's not even a book really, Just a bunch of like sayings or quotations. Don't attack an army if there are more of them then there are of you. Gee thanks! Don't waste your time it's way overrated.
A classic
Received it in a timely and efficient manner.
This will go down as one of the all time great works by the human race. Excellent insight to the tactics in war and life. This needs to be a mandatory reed for kids in high school.
Good book
Most people don't seem to understand this book at all, think it is some self help book, this is not the case. It is about war.
This book is required reading for anyone interested in military history. It's very short, but to the point.  It paints the profile of a "Godlike" commander.  I've read it several times already.  Good read.
Insightful
Exciting, always wanted a copy.
The content of the translations themselves was fine, but I found the formatting difficult to read. The translator also interjects thoughts into the middle of sentences which disrupted the flow of the text even further. Other versions may be fascinating, but I found this one stale and unremarkable.
To understand the motivations of politicians and corporate gamesmanship, read this book.
Soft cover book, nice
good condition;as advertised
I have enjoyed the book.  It has interesting ideas and concepts that I would have not understood about the warrior mind.  It was helpful for my own research.  I find it interesting that a current reality show uses this text for its show members.
I expected a full length book, but a pamper with quotes
only one cd worked. The other worked fine so I'll have to give it 3 stars on a count that there are no half stars.
Great product!
Excellent, one of the best in the market for strategic thinking.
This is a magnificent book that tells as much about psychology as it does military strategy.
This is not the full works of Sun Tzu, but an outline version.  Kind of like cliffnotes.  However, the book isn't bad for a quick read to get the basic idea of Sun Tzu's writings.
One of those books everyone who works in a competitive environment needs to read. You can apply the teachings of war to circumstances in the work place
The Art of War by Sun Tzu is an excellent book especially for those people who are in the military or law enforcement.  The language of the book refers to ancient and not modern times.  Based on my readings the author seems to be an aggressor, since in modern times we strive for peace and not war-like in the ancient times.
The Chinese had warfare figured out 3000 years ago. War has not changed enough since then to make this work irrelevant.
Written by a military strategist in ancient China, this book has become the bible of different military officers in the world. the dictum of Sun Tzu, which is to know your enemy, won many wars.
This book is great. If you have a enemy you want to take down or a solider about to go to battle, this is the book for you. It tells you everything you need to know about how to win.
The Basics
The books construct bored me. However it does have insightful information
GOOD book, INSPIRING, MIND GAMES, I LOVED IT.
Great
Great book. Great information!
One of the greatest books on strategy ever written. Need I say more?
Exactly what I wanted!
Fortunately, I only tried the sample on my Kindle. Would have been a 100% loss since the text seems to be hardly edited and incomplete. The layout on the Kindle is terrible. Dont't buy this. Shame on Amazon for trying to sell such a flawed product! I'd rather go for a free and complete edition by Project Gutenberg. Or look for a different edition.
Very interesting
The book is very interesting but I thought the translator's introduction was too long (more than a quarter of the whole book).
not the same as the original
I don't know why did I buy this instead of geting a free, better version. Don't make the same mistake.
My only complaint is that commentaries are interspersed within the text; a bit disruptive.  However it is free and I'm glad to have it in my collection.
I've looked at 3 different versions of this book, trying to find the best... Or at least the one with the best reviews but they all have the same reviews. Word for word the same damn reviews. Is this just people with too much time on their hands? Could someone please leave a helpful review that hasnt been posted on every other version of the art of war, I seriously doubt anyone read every single version.... WTF PEOPLE.
Timeless cl.assic, but no need to get a new one
Just google "the art of war" and you get the full text of the translation by Giles - it's in public domain.
Great read. It was very informative.
The Art of War is timeless information. The rules are a plus in business and personal outlook. I recommend it.
Came in great time Russell Simmons has me thinking Vegan already only 1 chapter in I also watched his interviews about this book on YouTube before buying very intriguing
Do not buy this edition. This was a waste of time and money
The greatest chinese strategist immortalized his ideas in this book about war strategies and tactics. amazing books !
The book was in great shape, just like new. Product was received in a timely fashion. I am very pleased with the service i received. Great job! Kristin
Misspellings, incorrect chapter order, and apparently not full original text. Don't know how Amazon allows this
New book
Make love not war.
Excellent book.. !! Check out this ebook:  Success through Poetry
I'm sure this is a good book, but it is nearly impossible to read the Kindle edition I bought. No spacing between the words
Not very interesting. I did not like it. Sunzi did a bad job writing this book. Not made for kids or adults. I hate it.
Not what I needed, but delivered promptly.
Was a gift. Came in good time>
The Art of War has been the best book I have ever had the privilige of reading.
The book was very interesting. It really made look at issues in a totally different light. I love this book.
This is a good reference guide for the teachings of Sun Tzu. Straight and to the point.
This edition was published by Filiquarian Publishers and from a publishing perspective, this book appears to have been designed in a basic Word processing program. Shoddy, shoddy, work. Lacks creative design, weak choice of fonts, inconsistent spacing, erroneous punctuation symbols, etc. Additionally, one of the chapters was out of order. I'm speculating that the publisher didn't know how to read roman numerals and therefore placed the chapter incorrectly, and if they did, and there was a purpose for this, it should have been addressed in the non-existent introduction. The content of the book is fine, just buy an edition by a an established publisher rather than someone working from their basement.
I ordered my normal size and probably couldn't have worn it if I lost 30 lbs.!
This book shows how some (sexist) men really think--even today.  Let's have women's equality now . . . everywhere. No wonder we have had centuries of wars. War is not the only solution, but it is all too often the knee-jerk reaction of a sexist society with like-minded male leaders in charge. Even though this book represents thinking from long ago, it still reflects the sexist, combative male psyche and primal need to dominate rather than cooperate which is still fostered and rewarded in business today. It explains why women do not get ahead in business after countless years and many decades of demonstrated ability and superior management skills.  The master's house will not be destroyed with the master's tools. This book is a sad reflection on life.
why is this not avaliable in the asia pacific region!??? I mean come on, its hundreds of years old and in the public domain, why cant i get the kindle edition?
Sun Tzu's the art of war is one of the most overrated books in terms of content. It is not that the writer is wrong about most subjects (though a lot is hopelessly outdated). The problem is that any 12 year old who has played with toy soldiers enough, could have written this book, without the fancy words or synonyms. Don't attack when outnumbered, with the sun in your face etc etc. The very basics of battles, not even of warfare. True warfare, now and then, relies more on logistics with the battles being just a small part of war. So if you are completely ignorant of battles and war and simple logic you can read this book and be satisfied. However if you are truely interested in the "art of war" then read the book with that same name from Machiavelli.
Arrived quickly and in perfect condition.  Great price.
Not just about "war", but rather every challenging aspect of your life.
Nice
Great book and strategies that can not only help you in war but in life.
This is not the original writing. Someone's notes sold as real. The cons of amazon ratings
Great
As described
AOK
Awesome book!
A Total Must Read, The Art Of War,Good Buy At A Good Price.
This is actually a poorly produced pamphlet, some twenty odd pages - unfortunately the advertisement does not state this fact
Please note...this is not the full version of the book but a very heavily abridged version of approximately 50 pages in very large print. To read from cover to cover takes about 10 minutes. The seller does not make this clear. In my opinion, this book is an absolute rip off.
The Art of War (the book itself needs no further presentation by now) as a beautiful example of "the art of printing". Very happy with the hardcover, pocket-size edition, by Arcturus Publishing Limited.
Of course that is a classic. I have to say that I feel a little uncomfortable with the concept of always thinking about winning the battle. I can appreciate the benefits of mastering those principles for anyone engaging in battles (politics, economics, socials...) but unless it is the last option, I prefer to engage with others thinking win-win. I will certainly read that book a few more times this year and in the years to come. As a classic, it is worth reading it, as for its daily use, I guess it is needed to read it over and over so it gets easier to really understand the principles and understand how to apply them correctly in our everyday life.
I didn't notice this was the "chump change edition" aka the abridged version. I got it in hardcover as well. Can you imagine a hardcover pamphlet? 20-30 pages. It's quite funny. Not a total wast of money, but not what I was expecting as this information in not apparent in the item description.
The kindle version has some formatting issues but forget about that. The key here is that the rules of war are set very well. In essence, war is about strength and strength comes in many forms, not just numbers. The book explains how to measure strength and this applies to your enemy as well as yourself. If you are strong, pretend to be weak. If you are weak, pretend to be strong. As a rule, nobody attacks a foe whose strength is unknown so if you remain a mystery to your enemy, they are unlikely to attack. Such an interesting read with great examples from history. Recommended reading.
The Art of War is the surprisingly succinct classic of military literature attributed to Sun Tzu. No one knows exactly when The Art of War was written but it was collected around the 10th Century CE. Regardless of your interest in military strategy, this short collection of proverbs and idioms is worth the time it takes to read. The lessons can be broad and universally applied to daily life, especially in business and career terms.
this book was great. i am currently using some tactics learnt from within the book against a brand named pro rep. they have a product which i would rather have received a bag of cow feces. cow feces doesn’t give cancer to children.
I love this book. If you read it less from a military tactician perspective and more an evaluation of life, it somehow seems to make more sense to me at least.
This classic book has been renowned for centuries, but it doesn't get old. The advice it contains is wise and can be applied to modern-day life including the workplace. It is not just a book about war and warfare, but about an approach to life. The translation is well done.
Amazing product, The quality is Brilliant and i will definitely recommend this to my family and friends to enjoy, i cannot recommend this highly enough, this is a must have! Excellent seller with fast delivery time and also great customer service.
I thoroughly enjoyed this read. The book made me think a lot more than I expected. It is a good read for one sitting or over a few. I would highly recommend the read to all and I am certain you will enjoy your time with this book.
Interesting ideas.  I hope to implement some of them in our cricket league next year,
This is a classic that I have wanted to read for a while. It was different than I had expected but in a good way, in that it advocates diplomacy over conflict any day. Very interesting indeed.
Got the B&N Leatherbound pocket edition of this book, the book is presented beautifully and feels very well made unlike some other B&N Leatherbound editions, this one feels far more substantial and the leather a bit thicker. Sewn pages and thick binding make this feel great in the hands. This edition is definitely my favourite choice of the Art of War
This edition is for children I guess.  It's a reprint and the entire importance and it being an ancient manuscript is lost with its font and general print ..should always recheck the edition before purchasing
The formatting for this Kindle version is terrible and the academic narrative jumps from one thread to another, without much explanation of the scholars, characters and time frames involved. It really did not provide me with what I was after: a clearly contextualized narrative of The Art of War. Thankfully this purchase was cheap.
In case you're expecting a thick tome, or a novel: it's basically a super-thin, super-simple pamphlet guide. That being said, it's riveting. Each "lesson" makes you stop and think, and while I'm not a very philosophical or meditative person, I found myself musing on the various rules of war, and how they apply to my personal and professional life. A bargain buy!
I take this into everyday living, it does make you think from a different perspective.
Just as expected and well packed. Arrived three days later than predicted but it is Black Friday week so not surprised. Interesting treatise on strategy of war.
Very interesting as to the mind of someone who seeks every possibility and prepares for every eventuality when war may ensue
I bought this expecting some large thickness paper back, but it's only 6mm or so thick with a typeface more akin to infant school readers!
Brought for a  friend
Having heard about this work many times getting a copy has pleased me a lot you will understand that the work needs interpreing to your situation and this can be sales/ management/ planning ........ All the way to child care and relationships  people haven't changed that much reading through you will find your boss ___ mates ------- partner ------ they are all there and laid bare possibly even you  can't recommend highly enough
As headline describes, this is a very brief book compared to the original one.. should be specified better in description as the text in description box references 13 chapters quite alot for a 30 page book. I sent it back to get the full translated version
Short version of the book but worth the money
It's very interesting the way both the psychological and strategical methodologies are outlined in this book. It really is a good read.
This is the second time I have read this book and still find it fascinating. It is concise, split into easy to read sections and although it was intended to provide strategies for success in battle there are people management techniques that apply today.
One of those books you just have to read to say you have. However it is a very difficult read. Not for the faint of heart.
A classic that everyone should read.
A book written by a legend, this might teach you a thing or two if you're into total war games
Great book, a must have classics if your life goals are world domination. This book set the base for modern EQ theories
Interesting book, but it does state the obvious. Impressed that this was written so long ago and still have value.
An interesting read even if I will not use it in my life that much. A classic that must be read
Downloads well
definitely helpful for writing!! can see myself referencing this a lot in future with some of my WIPs
Really nice colours and book that we all no and loce
Very informative book, can be applied to many current day(non war) situations. Some very basic spelling, grammar errors which need correcting.
Know your enemy, know yourself and you shall be victorious. Good book to read, better book to reflect on.
Great
I read this as a modern-day analogy for business conduct and to see what all the buzz was about. First of all, it is extremely short- you will polish it off in a single sitting for sure. Secondly, I can see how some people suggest this for modern times, however I personally would not. The book is too focused on actual battle and very high level tactics. It would seem that many of the other similar but more targeted books in this category would do a better job for what I was looking for.
It is worth a read. Principles can probably be applied to other areas of life.
It’s a pamphlet!
It’s a must read a classic
Very thin reading. Holiday stuff.
Very good with good explanatory notes by the compiler.
Individual taste but enticing for people who love control
Good
Good book. Wise words. Quick reading and a lot to meditate on. Translation is clear enough for the average person.
If you'd like to gain some more insight into this famous book buy this. It's a little straight forward more like bullet points than an instructive book. worth the price.
A brilliant book, well worth reading. Ranks alongside 'I Ching' and Machiavelli's  'The Prince'. As a book all entrepreneurs need to read.
Simple structured book
It makes you wonder how people lose war's when there is a manual on how to do it right like this. It's not like it's big to carry round or difficult to understand. It just show's how thick warmonger's are.
A+
One of these books you should read. It is quoted in dozens of TV programmes and novelsm from Star Trek to the sopranos!
I didn't manage to finish all of it. A friend rex reading it. It's an interesting read but I feel I had to be in the right frame of mind to digest it
Inspiring read filled with lots of strategic advice.
Great delievery
Great book and good read
It might just help you in your day to day life to win your own wars in which we all fight each day. The translation is loose but your mind gets used to it 71K3 R3AD1NG numbers and letters together. You get to grips with it.
A classic book i wanted to read, although not a great read, more like a list of observations I am  glad i read it, different!
Good Read
Good
Everyone should read this, if only for the wisdom imparted for life.  Readers should not contemplate war on reading this (easy to read, user friendly) manual.
Haven’t read it yet so why bothering me about review when I didn’t even finish the first chapter? Should be prompted in the middle not here.
Excellent !
An Ancient book on the dynamics of war, understandably dated but also timeless in principal. If you like the title you will like the read.
This is one of those classics that is a must have for a bookcase. Its not as long as I thought but it does make you think!
This book is very easy to quote and has lessons that extend much father than the world of conflict. This is a must read for everyone.
Wonderful classic to have in my possession.
Quite brief, not really what I expected.
good
Somewhat philosophical in places but an invaluable insight into the Chinese mind.  Very interesting once you get through the heavy bits.
Classical text well explained
Fascinating to read. I am still enjoying every bit of it. Perfect Kindle read. I would recommend this to anyone.
Not read this book yet but I like the picture on the front of the book. Worth buying for that reason alone
As good as new. Very good quality. The translation is very good. I liked it
totally worthwhile read just for the philosophy. still valid today, maybe not for war, but how to deal with work etc
Fantastic book.
A classic, of course, and rightly so. Easy to read, but it takes time to digest properly.
It is a short book written by a successful Chinese general from thousands of years ago; I finished it in just one day. Even with its terse content, it is hard to summarize in a short blog post due to its diverse structure. Each of its chapters provides bullet-point lists of military-grade advice—good advice no doubt, but not the stuff from which movie scripts are drawn.
Worth a read to show that strategy and tactics have not changed too much over the centuries
Exactly what it's supposed to be
awesome book
Love this book, it's a must read. Definitely up there with the 100 books to read before you die
An old classic.. great seller.. timely delivery, smooth transaction..recommend seller
Poorly printed and badly outlined. I love the book and was hoping for a beautiful hard cover, but was left disappointed, unfortunately...
Great book, can be applied to life's experience in a multitude of different ways. Thoroughly recommend.
Good read. I'm not really someone that makes war and this was useful for me as well. I found the chapter on laying plans particularly good
a good book broken down into good sized chapter for some great light reading. it is good for those small journeys
Interesting to look at the knowledge and tactics used at such an early moment in history. Worth reading if you're interested in early Chinese history.
Very easy to read and thought provoking when dealing with politics within your business or personal life. I have really enjoyed reading this book.
Loved it
Interesting insight into military tactics
good
son liked it a lot :D
Nice book to read and also a cool addition to your library.
I enjoyed reading this book. As an introduction into the Art of War it is brilliant. I spent a lot of time reflecting on my own experiences whilst reading this.
as described good read
Great. A classic for any military student. jh
Very Good book bought it just because it's recomended for life!
Tedious.
Excellent Product, Fast Delivery, Reasonable Price.
highly recommended
If you haven't read it yet, read it. Truly a timeless book.
Great read
Hugely insightful and full of common sense ideas that still translate into the modern world. Would recommend this book to anyone who wants to have a quick think about strategy and leadership.
Delivered in timely manner and good quality
Exactly as described and arrived on time
THE ANCIEN WISDOM OF CHINA, STILL PREVAILING TODAY....A MUST !
Great read. Teaches discipline could easily save your life having read this book.
Brilliant and very helpful.
amazing! fast delivery, great seller A++++
Interesting.  Still relevant to modern warfare  N. B.  Blair & bush .simple  but clear  worth a read that's all B
Love it
Great product, 8/8 would buy again.
Very Interesting. However didn't realise that the book was full of very short ideas and comments. Nevertheless can see why this would be popular for those in need of strategic ideas.
Love this book.
A most definite read.
good book about life in general
have only read bits of it so far.
Well packaged Great Edition of the Art Of War
I always love this book. there is nothing to doubt about the content. absolutely almost the same like the hardcover version like i used to hve
Sun Tzu still reads well, even thought it is older than the Bible. Worth a read for any budding capitalist
Not very exciting.
very interesting book
inspiring
good
I can see why this has been such a stalwart of military strategy for so long. Insightful and clever. Loved it
Very informative book for military colleges and officer training schools explains how to become a military leader I recommend the book if you are curious about military runs.
Excellent Product & Delivery
Have had a previous version and wanted to read it again. Very applicable methodologies and techniques for the current business world.
Excellent 5/5
A good piece of classic literature that considering when it was written is still surprisingly relevant. A few mistakes have been made in this translation nothing huge though.
It's a classic I've read many times before and a free download just can't turn down.
Reasonable price and fast delivery. A very good read.
If your a team leader and want to know how to lead your team read this book. Somethings never change
I had heard about this book in particular for a long time and had it recommended so I finally got myself a copy and I think it is a great book, excellent read. Very happy.
Awesome book
Thanks all good and a great read whichever iteration you pick up
Gave it as a gift and they were absolutely thrilled. great service can't fault it
It is not advertised that this is a condensed version of the book.
Ever been screwed over? read this one and you will see it before it comes. It therefore will not happen again.
Not the actual book. Do not buy.
Its a classic & a must have! Great Read!
This is a faithful adaptation of The Art Of War; very readable and incredibly relevant even now. This is one of those books everyone should read.
Classic
Thia book is very educational and made easy as there is an explanation for every extract of the art of war however if you know the meaning you can continue to read in bold
This book has taught me so much, about life, work. You can translate it all into success in business. Excellently written and full to the brim of amazing references. One I shall definitely keep revisiting.
Quality of book not as good, seems like there's alot missing.
was okay.
New one.
intersting
A lot of it seems obvious, but it's a great tool. Very well laid out, easy to read, recommended for any body keen on deepening their understanding of basic principles.
Love it!
Good read in the main. Liked it to dip in and out of randomly between other books. Plenty to make you think
The printed MRP is ₹99 and I got it at ₹69. Delivery from Amazon was as usual good. Now talking about the book I think it's the most overated book that I have read so far.  So my suggestion would be not to waste time on this. It is written point wise that also for me seems a little childish. It talks about different tactics of warfare which is completely irrelevant in today's time. One atom bomb and all your Art of War would go in vain. I though of giving it 2 stars but the reviews that is there on the cover of the book is so very good that it made me give it 1 star. Also comparing it with Gita is complete insult to human civilization. Rest I would say if you have a lot of time and want to waste it and get angry after few days then I would suggest you to go for this.
10/10
Very good
Brilliant insight into war strategy and the mind of a war strategist.
Nice one
interesting, but hard to context (for me)
Good book with some great ideas
A great read, deserving of its acclaim. A must read for the contemporary master. An echo of the past resonating true to the modern application of force and subterfuge.
Good
I know feel that I posess the tactical knowledge and the logistics of warfare to help me conquer my neighbouring province. Heil Sun Tzu!
exactly what I was expecting a book to make you think
very good
Out of all the books involving philosophy this is the most interesting one.
Great translation. Great book.
I was expecting as indicated in the free mini-after purchase version of the book, a conversion of the tales and events of Sun Tzu and his tact. But was highly disappointd to see that this was nothing more than a bland version of "do this. Do that in a war scene". Timely delivered. Timely returned. Don't understand why it has such high ratings.
It's the 2nd Gita/ Quran / Bible/ Granth Sahib (whatever is yours)! And if you want to be successful in any field then this book will fire up your mind. But let me tell you one thing...... It's a book that basically gives you instructions, instructions on how to fight a war and win. It's not that kind of book that makes every instruction simpler by explaining it with a lot of examples (It makes sense when you consider the fact that it was written by Sun Tzu thousands of years ago). It's just the instructions...... That's it. So you may find it a little difficult to relate it to circumstances in your life. So while reading the book, power on your creative mind and try relating each instruction to your everyday use. I bet it's going to be a brainstorming session and what's more..... You'll love it!!
Must read for business folks !
Know thine enemy...
Like it
Great
When you start reading it it looks brilliant. It appears Sun Tzu was brilliant strategist. But these idiotic mental war fare and win a war without actually fighting it, just makes an army lazy. This book is the reason for China losing almost every war after SUN TZU era...lost from Mongols... Europe divided China as a Mellon. And lost from Japanese, Russians, Americans, Vietnamese and more to come if they do not destroy this book.
Book looks and feels cheap but the translation is very good! The choice of words is precise yet predictable and is neither archaic nor new age. Each passage is translated in such a way to make the message directly accessible in English. There are no footnotes (which is something I wanted) but there is a very good and lengthy introduction.
Received the book in bad condition. The front cover was crampled and there were dents over the cover and sides as well. Quality was not adequate. Moreover the book original price was INR 150 and not INR 630 as claimed. This the discounts stated was also not correct.
So i read this book a number of times before i finally began to decode it, and well safe to say its full of gems. I'm not a very manipulative person by nature but have had many run ins over my short life span with people of this nature, which has very much contributed to myself being trod all over. Reading this book really put into perspective many aspects of human behaviour and well quite frankly highlighted the characteristics of a narcissist and potential methods to counteract it. There are many scenarios in the book which I don't see myself using however being new to the business world, i definitely know that i will be revisiting the book numerous times. To put it simply, take this book with a grain of salt and interpret it as you wish but regardless of the extent to which you relate to it - simply learning of the true essence of war makes it an interesting read nonetheless! Also regarding the product - it is quite thin and condensed, i wish there was more room to annotate it as i was cramming sentences between lines by the end of it, and a book of this sort definitely needs annotation 😅 but it did arrive fast and as pictured! a steal for the price!
Well book
The book is very short, concise and one seating read which can at max take 4-5 hours. Insights are good but somehow translation seems off the target. If you are familiar with war terminology and scenarios then definitely go for this book but if it's your first book in the domain of strategy building and decision making then go for the book with explanation of each tactic given in simple language and analogy, many of these books are available on Amazon itself.
You may be wondering why I have picked such a title for this review, and there is a very good reason for it.  Written well over a thousand years ago Sun Tzu's tactical guide to war is still used and taught in military schools, and has found more applications over the centuries. The tactics laid out here were used in historical battles fought in Asia and China but they were also used by Ninja's and intelligence services.  Nowadays still used by the military and intelligence worlds they have found a place in business.  Why this is so is firstly because it isn't long to read, it isn't hard to read, and it is reliable information.  If you use a bit of thought then you can apply the teachings of Sun Tzu in your life, as and when necessary.  Of course although being short this does make you use your brain and think, and this in itself can make you come up with ideas how to apply the teachings here.  This is a must read for those who study  military tactics, and military history, as well as businessmen, and those who want to be one step ahead of the game.  Ultimately this is the classic for all, and hopefully can help you in unforeseen ways, and in many situations.
El libro son parrafos sueltos sin ningun tipo de analisis añadido y no demasiado bien estructurados. Como si alguien hubiera juntado los apuntes en un panfleto tipo chuleta la noche antes de un examen. Bastante pauperrimo, aunque el precio esté bien, yo no lo recomendaria.
Nice book for leadership, strategy & knowledge but little disappointed with book size & just summary of points no explanation.
The book is great and there are some amazing tactics that can be used in our everyday modern life. However, few points are very contradicting to the actual meaning in the book. It's a must read book but not worth the hype people have created. 3 stars because of multiple contradictory sentences (maybe the actual meaning could be lost in the translation). Thanks to Amazon and the seller for quick delivery and reasonable pricing.
This is probably one of the best versions of the Art of War i've seen anyway. It basically gives some analysis and goes into depth on what Sun Tzu means, using some ancient Chinese commentators as references and examples to better explain the teachings. I would have given this 5 stars but it's layed out strangely. You'll find pages with 1 sentence that seem continue on the next page, but it's tolerable given the depth which the researcher explains things. I have 3 different versions of the Art of War. One is a thin 50 page pamphlet, the second has some artwork included but this version includes more than just Sun Tzu's teachings on certain topics. As a result it's more enjoyable to read than a list of bullet-points, and much more informative.
Die Geschichten in dem Buch kann man gut auf Alltagssituationen überleiten und gut in das täglich Leben einbauen, so dass man eine Strategie entwickeln kann. Das Buch hilft einem dazu sehr.
I would like to thank Sun Tzu for giving the world a masterpiece to apply techniques that will give you success to achieve higher purpose in life. Though this book is about war strategies Sun Tzu mentions war is not good for nation at large and we need to find out way to win without a fight. Should we apply that to our lives we are mostly bogged down by little things that upsets us unnecessarily all we need to do is move ahead and move inch close to our vision each day.
The book has been written in a clear and easy to understand bullet points format. Each statement carries a weight to it and needs to be thought over before proceeding. Highly recommended to those who are involved in any kind of competition, conflict resolution  or to people in public administration. Definitely a classic!
A great book but I thought initially about it would be a self help book but could not get to the point as expected but one can relate the points mentioned in the book with one's life when he or she tries to see life or simply challenges of life as just enemy otherwise the book is mainly focused on war stuffs like that of army and all..
The kindle version of this book is absolutely unreadable. So many OCR errors, I can’t even come close to getting in to a flow (counted 10 or so on a single page). Even if free, this is inexcusable, at least run it through a spell check....
Really great book. Good book to learn about Strategy. Simple and quick to read. Strategies are written point wise, so it is easy to read and learn. All the necessary strategies which are required to know, are in this book. Like the Newsweek quote-" Absorb this book, you can throw out all those contemporary books about management leadership " Book was a excellent condition.  Brand new.
Very glad I purchased this book. It's actually 6 books in one. Very good condition and a very attractive book. One of my faves and a important book to have in your library. Not only does it contain ,"The Art of War", but it also has the," Tao Te Ch'ing".
Das Buch ist von historischem Wert und Inhalt. Die beschriebenen Empfehlungen sind auch heute noch von Relevanz zur Unternehmensführung (entweder als gutes oder schlechtes Beispiel) und dienen auch um chinesische Philosophien und Denkweisen zu verstehen. Allerdings ist die Formatierung und Übersetzung ausgesprochen schlecht: Seitenzahlen fehlen, ebenso fehlt ein Inhalts- oder Stichwortverzeichnis. Es ist unklar wo übersetzt wird und wo Kommentare oder andere Zitate eingefügt wurden. Die Kapitelüberschriften lassen sich kaum vom Fließtext unterscheiden.
This book is of no use. It is just a summary or headlines of the actual book. serves no purpose to the reader
Excellent read. I got to know about this book from the infamous movie 'Wall Street" starring Michael Douglas as a charismatic business leader in which he quotes Sun Tzu-" Every battle is won even before it is fought". A definite on must reads
Everyone should read this book once in their life. Many lessons learned.
I thought the book would be about how to win wars, giving example from past and how to improve, but it is step by step guide about preparation of war. Not what I expected.
This book by sun tzu teaches a lot about ancient warfare and is quiet interesting. But it not only tells about that, it tells how to understand and control the actions of other. The way to influence them and to use advantages efficiently. It is a fun short book with a little bit of history and philosophy.
Print is proper and readable, easy on eyes. Almost error free too so if you want to read this book can go for this print version.
Pas d'introduction de général de l'armée US de la seconde guerre mondiale ou plus récent dont j'ai rien à faire et qui n'a aucun rapport avec Sun Tzu, pas de préface jonchée de poncifs marketing enrobés de superlatifs ronflants, juste le texte d'origine traduit avec des polices de caractères très lisibles et très agréables à la lecture. Tout ce que j'apprécie, ne changez rien, parfait !
Contains summarized quotations. Go for book that contain the context also
The work of Sun Tzu needs no endorsement - it is a timeless classic.  This print itself is quite good.  Its a small pocketbook with good paper and good printing.  Priced very reasonably, worth the buy
A bit dated. I bought this based on many reviews which said that its still relevant today. I am not sure if I picked up the wrong translation! but there are not many words of wisdom that I found which is applicable today.
May be this books is amazing for people who are in defence services but i wasn't able to connect to it. This book has war lessons in form of quotes and reading them feels like there is no link to those quotes and your life
This book is still the demograph for all armies today the fascinating ideal however is its use in day to day life the use of mentalism and not only knowing your enemy but also weighing up daily trials...
The book contains Only tips and instructions. You have to use your mind to understand it in modern context with your examples. You need to think. The quality of pages was good but the page color is yellow. I bought the fingerprints publishing version.
I just had to have this book, especially at this low price.  I couldn't go wrong.  Very interesting. Very compact and complete.  A book used through the ages.  Most insightful.
Non solo un trattato di arte militare. questo è un libro di strategie applicabili in senso esteso a tutte le situazioni della vita ed è anche un'ottima lettura.
Even though this timeless piece is a dedicated guidebook to waging war, a lot of the verses can be applicable in every day life.  Really, it's a book of strategy, and understanding human nature.  A great short read
Very happy, it was delivered in the afternoon with a very professional service,book is awesome
This pocket book is great for a quick read. The entire book is in the form of notes with bitesize pieces of information. Quite an easy read.
It looks like a cheap knock off of the art of war. Translation is sub-par, organisation of topics is also poor. It feels boring to read and kills the interest of reader very quick. Go for some other publication.
San Tzu is really a genius who knows who's who of the war. The art of war is a bundle of knowledge which is necessary in the contemporary world. It is not only meant to deal a war but to deal with your day to day situations. You will find an opportunity in every crisis after reading this book.
This is a very good book. It's recommended for reading in military academies all over the world. But 2000 years after it was written, the book is more philosophy than military tactics. Reading it will motivate you and increase your morale. So, give it a try.
Un genio assoluto per l'epoca in cui scriveva! Un must per chiunque voglia ottenere qualcosa nella vita.
This book is not subjective it's in bullet points but gives the whole crux of the book Recommended for not so bibliophiles!!
Bo idea why this is so well rated... thats like a pamphlet nothing more. don't waste your time!
Art of war In the war which kind of action u have to take How to deal with another soldier of another team
it is a small book with great deal of knowledge. if one can absorb the content well then he/she can easily surpass knowledge of present leadership books inmarket.
Cant access in ebook. Lost this in cyberspace/cloud. Cant appreciate the book.
It’s simplicity because of points make it very interesting read
Dieses Buch ist sogar recht unterhaltsam geschreiben und hat einen hohen psychischen Anspruch, wenn man wirklich versucht die Argumente des Autors zu reflektieren.
Written 500 B.C., read by many historical figure. This book helped solved more conflicts in history than weapons. Everyone should read it to learn how to think and resolve conflicts of all magnitudes
This book is one of the real classic old time book. which invokes the reader attention especially if one is interested in military.
The content is great but the quality of paper could've been better.
An absolutely wonderful insight with a age defying knowledge. A must read for people from all walks of professional life
It doesn't even cost that much. You can finish it within one hour. So, what are you waiting for?
A most excellent gift for the interested son.
I should have read the reviews first before buying. It is only 29 pages, a basic summary of points and rules. Too bad, I always wanted to read this (full book obviously).
With all due respect to the great author, English interpretation not up to the mark. Not worth a read.
Very disappointing for the price.  The book is A5 and the cover is not the quality described.  For $75 I expected something of higher quality ... not a notebook equivalent.
the timeless masterpiece of work and mind power to achieve success and a higher level of peace of mind. this book is based on old strategies and methodologies which are timeless and can be implemented in present and future aswell. highly recommended reading this. SUN TZU  you genius warrior!
awesome book! quality pages!
THIS BOOK IS SHEISTY, 27 PAGES OF PURE FINESSE. BUY THE ORIGINAL BC THIS ONE IS A PAMPHLET >:(
In most cases, this translation is easy to understand. In my opinion, the book would have been better though if it was translated in a slightly more modern way. Nevertheless, it is still a very good book. I think that one of the strong points about this book is that it's contents is very well organised which makes it easier read, as opposed to other translations out there where the contents of the chapters are poorly structured & are mixed along with some comments made by someone else, not by Sun Tzu! which for me, can get pretty annoying...
It's not even a book it's look like a short notes for the actual book.. don't get fooled by the price
Super Buch. Für den Kindle sehr gut formatiert. Viele Kriegsführungstipps die sich als Selbsthilfe-Tricks verwenden lassen.
Best book I ever read till now . . . Must read !
It's a little bit on tactics to win a war in ancient time. I don't know if you can use it in today's time. But nice and easy read. It was cheap so I bought it.
My dad always said that this book is a most for everyone and can be applied to almost everything. I think you can enjoy it and learn at least a little of this book
Ive red(R) the book which is must for indians keep inspiring all time and book is short simple like hand book cheap at its information Before waste in some other novels waste it for practically possible way
Wanted to have a copy and read this classic, it got here in time with no problems, worth a read.
One of the most interesting reads you'll come across.
Doesnt look relevant in todays context....translation to english is also problem
Its just the plain translation of manuscript...only 38 pages most of the verses as literally translated do not hold any meaning in English. Worst 469 rupees ever spent. Wish i can sue amazon for this stupid book. Please please do not buy.Due to this i have lost trust on online book buying.
Teaches life lesson
I purchased 9 books in one lot. Only 8 reached. I did not challenge because other 8 was useful to me and returning the entire lot did not seem a good option.
Excellent book.
Waow...reached one day earlier before delivery date thanks Amazon didnt expected wonderful... and also product is in awosome condition light weight and good quality material and printing.i recommend it go for it.
I personally feel that...people who are mature enough will find this book enhancing their personality traits at the end of the day.
Very good book to understand the today's world form this old theories
shorter than I expected but I am not sure if that is just the book or if this is just a short version
Just what it promised.... The art of war is still aplliacable to warfare as well as anything competitive. Like in corporate ladder climbing.
This book details out the various strategies as part of defending/attacking for a force.  However, everything described is ever relevant in everyday management context. Read this book and apply it to your life!!
Liked the way Sun Tzu explains the importance and power of earth and heaven and how to use them for ur benefit.
Ótima leitura para se colocar em prática na vida pessoal, nos negócios, e em tantos outros níveis sociais que devemos enfrentar para alcançar nossos objetivos.
A Masterpiece ! Those who plan for their future will get entire benefit from this book if he implement his recommendations and acts on it . Otherwise it will be mere historical account for you !
A good read.
So good 👌👌👍
Only 100pages 6×4 cm dimensions Worth 70rs Total fraud loot macha rakhi h I rode this book in 1hour
Buen libro es bastante interesante aunque en el celular cansa leerlo. Supongo que lo recomiendo. (Me faltaba una palabra hehe)
A Classic book about Military Warfare. Thanks to Amazon and Fingerprint for the low price. Nice large texts
Book is very nicely written. I totally enjoyed it.
Overly concise. Avid readers may not like this compressed version.
Its interesting that Sun Tzu understood human nature so well, long before the behavioural sciences explained so many puzzling characteristics!
Nice read. Good ancient tricks n tips. Not of much use in present form of combats. But felt, can apply many things in day to day life
This is a very helpful book. However ,due to the fact that it is a pocket edition ,this is not a complete book but a very well detail summary version of book. Love this product
The insights in this book can be applied to: business, life, sports, relationships and other ventures. I'd recommend this book to anyone wanting to reach success, learn how to think thoroughly and rationally to achieve your objectives.
People will always disagree, but getting through the disagreement without the massive collateral damage that goes with conflict is a much undervalued approach. Sun Tzu offers insightful advice to help master those anxieties, manage your resources towards peace of mind and to end disagreement in the most decisive and holistic manner possible so that life can return to it's normal routine of tea and cake. He may be cunning, shrewd, devious and even ruthless, but without his no-compromise approach to obtaining peace, well.. you may well find out why one should never fight a land war in asia!
INSPIRATIONAL, STRATEGIC, CONCEPTUAL ON THE BASIS OF PRACTICAL EXPRIENCE
While the book is widely overrated, the format of the book looks cheap and not being looked after.
Good book , things written in the qoutes style, language is easy one can easily understand it.
The book is amazing and very much precise about what it wants to convey .
Interesting reading but, nowadays, only a few fight face to face; most just push a button in Washington DC.
one of the best books written in history
The delivery was on time and yes the book is a good read!
Cover and paper quality is good. The book is amazing
Really satisfied. Fast delivery and great quality
9ce timepass
Just the summary. Doesnt give too much insights
Good stratergies
Very abstract and disconnected. Lot of patience needed to understand.
Best book for leaders....
It's too small and concise.. expected a better version of art of war
Keine
Nice
Hype was right about this book. Good quality.
This not the original print of the book, the book is good, the quality of pages is abysmal. Don't buy from this seller
Received  14  June / 17  as  promised.  In  new  condition.  A  good  read.
Good..content.
The book is elegant and concise. However,  it doesn't have deep explanations. That's left for the reader to interpret. For the price, it's good.
Good
A must in today's competitive world!
I am getting the old edition of the book ,so i returned. This product is not shown on image
The content was not what I expected but the audiobook is of a high quality. The reader does an excellent job.
Good
Amazing book to read. Good quality product. Good Printing.
This book has multiple layers of meaning to it. Read it thoroughly and try implying the strategies in real life.
Awesome
Promised hardcover. Sent paperback. Print quality is OK.
A nice book. Even applies to the present world... The topic of Spies is very nice one..
Very nice book
the book is really good if you want to read something about or related to management leadership.
It's not the original book
Good to understand war techniques of ancient times. Nothing or not much useful for modern times.One time read for history buffs.
If you are a deep thinker who likes to read between the words this book will not disappoint you, a classic must read!
Good book
paper quality is not good but everyone must read this book . So helpful.................
It's OK.
received in good condition
The content seems to be childish.... and its given in points... dont buy it... i returned in just 10 mins of delivery
Bad choice
This book is of no use. If we have would been in a war than this would have been relevant. But in Today's time its of no use
Words r difficult...otherwise good
Nothing much
Book quality is good But it would be better If you bought the edition with explanations
It's a fairly old book that looks brand new
Good
this book is awesome.If you're intrested in war tactics then go for this book.you'll definetely get an idea.
It maybe ancient but a great artwork  philosophy/battlecraft stratagem.Its application means  blending them into modern  battle designs..whichever quotes serves the purpose.
good to read
Classic
Won’t recommend the Abridged version, totally imcomplete!
In dire need for explanations..... Seriously this book is not for people who have less understanding power...
This edition is worst. Paper quality is too bad. Quality and quantity is also too less. It's only summary of the original book.
Bookmark not given
The actual book being too lengthy, this one is a quick summary giving most important points in an orderly layout. Best thing is it is available for free, thanks to Amazon!!
Good one...
Gr8 book.... All learning of the original book in nutshell... Must buy...
The book is about 20 pages total.  Totally a waste of money
It is a book I have been waiting for a long time👍
Ok book. Quotations only.
Go for it.
Cheap and not worth it
Good
Just okay
Old text, how to handle the opposition, enemy and win a War.
Book was in Gud condition
excellent
Good book
The Dragon Skills.
content is good book  is thin and small quality is good price is very reasonable
This is probably not what you're looking for.
Good book.
Will change your mindset at least a bit .
Small book but quality content. Must read.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
Good condition of book
This is not the whole book it looks like a summary not even Worth its price.
Good, confident building book.
It is a super book It came in time Nice
Not able to understand the concept.
Easy read. nice book.
Good book
It's good one
Rare book thanks Amazon for this
Not time consuming if you understand it taking time. But very time consuming.much of the sutras can be found on Google.good for price.
the book was in perfect condition and it was like guidelines written with minimum explanation..... worthy read if u can understand it .
Paper Quality is good and it is lightweight
Nice
Good
Item as described. Book in great condition with a couple of "used book" stickers which were easily removable. Thumbs up.
Whole book is written on war strategy. Not a self-help or leadership book. Useless for me.
Good
Delivered on time and in good condition. it was slightly folded but nothing serious. The book itself is in a point form, chapter-wise. It is comprehensive and to the point.
Very interesting content. The book itself is ugly... looks more like a booklet printed by an amateur.
Fantastic
not at all what i expected. Not even a good translation
Very very very awesome.......
As relevant today as it was when written!
Hardcovered book , small in size but light when carrying. Nice for everyday reading ,though the fonts size is a liitle small.Good for daily  contemplation.....
Book is historical and need to read
good
Good
I was blown away by the simplicity of the thought process.  Super simple and great for planning any attack or counterattack.
A handy booklet for every reader
Perfect
Great
Amazing book and excellent delivery as usual from Amazon. One stop solution for all the books. 👌
Book came in very good condition. Pages are good too.
One of the most influential book.
New
Classic.
Must read
It is a very interesting view of peace and war. Have not we learnt anything during the last 3000 years?
Good book to deploy skills in covert and effective manner, Reference Wall Street movie 1993 Gordon Gekko and Bud Fox conversation.
It's a good book on management, go for it.
Amazing.
Glorified pamphlet don't buy
Superb.Must read for all book lovers
Nice
Happy with purchase, good print,font size is also reader friendly.
I bought this book by considering the discount price but comes with thin and small book
Muy interesante.
It's more like a children book Written in point form
Really a good book !!
Great one
Best and crisp summary of all 13 chapters  of SanTzus art of war Easy to remember points.
Amazing book. Don't think, just buy it. You'll be grateful you did it.
Abridged version
So good! Odd. But good. Easy to understand. Basically, Be smart. Everyone should read this book. I liked it. It wasn't a long one either.
Good read
Il faut savoir qu'il est en anglais...
Buena portada, fabricación del libro deficiente. El empastado podría ser mejor, a pesar que el libro es muy delgado por la cantidad de paginas que contiene.
No words to describe the amazing skills and mind of Sun Tzu... He was a master and this his masterpiece
Legendary book
Horrible Print. Question the legitimacy of this and you don't get a refund.
The very useful book to fight against the problem of life and how to perform our move against the enemy
Good book
Excillent Strategical guidlines simple presentation of military strategies
Bought it as a gift for someone. Recipient was happy.
Good book
This book was well received as a gift, but as I have not read it personally it is difficult to give a better review.
It is only some key points out of original,without any context
Not worthy for the money paid...
Great book Great Price ..!
excellent strategy book
Not easy read
Boring book. Just like a notes of a special topic
Good
Amazing read and awesome wisdom shared.
The delivery was done within 2 days and the book itself appears fancier than one would expect for a meager 80 bucks. It's written in point based format. Well done, again, amazon.
Its worthwhile. Go for it if you haven't read it yet!
QUALITY. GOOD. GREAT
classic
Nice book 👌😊
Best book....
Good book to read. Not only for war it can be implemented in self development if your back drops. :)
Not a original book
Superb book. Great price
Better paper quality
Must read
So much insight in one small book.
The page quality is really bad. Not worth the price. I think its better to pick up from roadside stand than this copy.
Great book
Great one in order to not get tired and still have something to read just to have filling of shall you still go for a heavier one...
Great book. I love how it is put together with.
Smaller than I thought but I guess that's ok
Good one
Great book in great condition ...for reasonable price
I would like to receive my product I purchased.
It’s an easy edition everyone must read
Best contain of applable of in life
Excellent
Nicely delivered.. The book is also awesome for 70/-
Useless
Amazing facts
Speeding delivery, product meets my expectation. Thanks
Product quality is very poor Poor quality of pages
Just a quick reference guide..
good
Good book. Excellent condition.
Extremely good book for the price the hardcover is amazing for the price.
Handy at such price
Not worth the money
You've to decode it, understand it and apply it in your life to become master of winning 'wars of life'
Excellent teachings! Know your self and know your enemies. You will not peril in 100 battles!!
One of the best books on strategic thinking. However, the printing quality is cheap and can be improved a lot.
Good all time
Such a nice book
It was awesome book
Contains no details
It was a good read
Great book
Content
Nice
Looks like some cheap translation from Chinese. English is of poor quality.
A simple Plain Translation. Would have been happy if it had made the reader understand the meaning with an explanatory note.
Not recommended to buy this book.
Old words of wisdom that still holds true in the modern world ! Every work or project is like war.
Good print.Good packaging.
No..
Very relevant even thousands of years later. Helpful guidance dealing with daily challenges.
Very good condition
Good book for learning tactics
being a teacher I find this volume the most essential text on pedagogy. When I first started my campaign against unruly classroom behaviour I found that although I would win the occasional battle the overall war was being lost. But now I command my room with absolute certainty getting to know my pupils and in the process of doing that I have come to know myself; I need not fear the outcome of a thousand battles.
Sjoaak
Amazing
Good book
for library
Good
Waste of time
Decent quality
I like it's cover but not size, great book btw.
Very useful
Nice one
Fabulous book
good
Very good book.
Great book
Nice book
You should read this ...
Very informative book
Nice
Truly the ultimate book of leadership.
Good
Good
Pourquoi avez-vous choisi cette note ? c'est parfait Qu'est-ce que vous avez aimé ou qu'est-ce que vous n'avez pas aimé ? c'est parfait À qui recommanderiez-vous ce livre ? a tout le monde
its good for analysing on one's own personal feelings to the tactice of a country's Army.
Too complex not leading to a specific point
Good
Good summary of the original
Good book
it's an insightful read.
Wisdom of Ages
Good one
A good read
this is more of a consice translation
A friend recommended this book. I hope it's nice.
Book is Good
Fantástico libro aplicable no sólo al orden militar sino a cualquier ámbito de la vida, recomiendo altamente su lectura a cualquier persona.
👍
Good read
Ok
Thank you :)
amazingggg!!!!
An excellent quotes for all times
Must read for everyone.
Book was cheap so I thought its one of the great classics that you should have in your bookshelf :-)
Very Interesting
Book is in great condition. Love it.
Book is intere
Its a Wonderful book. A must to read for all. I am also happy with the Amazon service.. Great....
fast delivery great book
Faulty translation and many errors resulting in an unreadable text; no sources or introduction. There’s a better version online for free, legal.
True content to the original piece of art. Excellent theory to apply both in the past, present and even future.
It is summary not actual book
best war strategic book ever
Excellent paper quality and printing. Very good book...
great read
good book for managers
For a book written thousands of years ago, it's quite easy to follow and it's split up very nicely into small chapters and the chapters are split into bullet points. I found myself reading a chapter whenever I had a spare few minutes, it's great to have in your library and it's definitely a must read.
This is not good what we expected
Great quality! Freshly printed. High quality book.
Good read. worth the price.
fast shipping. Overall, very satisfied.
Nice Book...But Delivery Was 2 days late.
Great quick read
Great book.
Great book
Interesting....
I imagine the practicality of this book in 2014 is more sentimental rather than implementable. But worth the read no less.
It's a copy/ version of the original book...basically summarizes in bad English the teachings or theories of sun tzu...its not the real book as written by sun tzu...
Fantastic classic.  Well worth a read, even in our modern age, there is much that can be applied to everyday life. It's as though we are living in a war, but not realising it for what it is...
If I could score this book 2.5 I would of. It is interesting, I personally enjoyed reviews of the book, more than the book, particularly reviews found on youtube. But the book itself I found just OK.
This is a decent version of a classic text. It's well laid out with a table of contents making it easy to dip in and out. The ideas and strategies are individually explained in a couple of sentences, prompting the reader to muse over the ideas and gain a deeper understanding of the concepts. Originally written over a thousand years ago, the timeless wisdom contained in this gem by Sun Tzu, has been utilised by many military and business men/women for profitable advantage. This Kindle version of, "The Art of War," contains reliable insights and strategies that you can put to practical use in your daily life, in an easily digested, readable format. Colin G Smith, author of,  Difficult People: Dealing With Difficult People At Work (Quick Start Guide)
nothing new. all obvious but how do you do it when it counts?
A must have book for all the book enthusiasts out there. This edition is having the genuine translation by Sun Tzu without any interference/ editing by other authors. I would recommend this book only as there as various editions available in the market. Prompt delivery by Amazon and the quality of book is also top notch. I would insist amazon to include bookmarks with all the orders of books made from their site.
Die Kunst des Krieges von Sunzi gilt als frühestes Buch über Strategie und ist bis zum heutigen Tage eines der bedeutendsten Werke zu diesem Thema. Noch heute ist es Lektüre für ostasiatische Manager und Militärstrategen auf der ganzen Welt. Das Buch beschreibt die Notwendigkeit des Einsatzes aller zur Verfügung stehenden Mittel und Flexibilität zur Erreichung des Zieles und wie dies zu erreichen ist. In 13 Kapitel und 68 Thesen gegliedert, geht es auf die unterschiedlichsten Aspekte der Kriegsvorbereitung und Kriegsführung sowie deren Rahmenbedingungen ein. Über die Kriegskunst besteht aus 13 Kapiteln. 1.Planung (Strategie) 2.Über die Kriegskunst (Kriegsführung) 3.Das Schwert in der Scheide (Angriff mit Strategie) 4.Taktik (Disposition militärischer Stärke) 5.Energie (Nutzung der Kraft) 6.Schwache und starke Punkte (Schwächen und Stärken) 7.Manöver (Kampf um die Initiative) 8.Taktische Varianten (Neun Varianten der Taktiken) 9.Die Armee auf dem Marsch (Marsch) 10.Terrain (Gelände) 11.Die neun Situationen (Neun Varianten der Gebiete) 12.Angriff durch Feuer (Feuerangriff) 13.Der Einsatz von Spionen (Einsatz von Spionen) Ein Buch, welches absolut nicht an Aktualität verliert und niemals verlieren wird. Wissenswert, lehrreich und zu empfehlen. Der Preis ist dazu unschlagbar.
The title says it all. A work in translation. I suspect much has been lost in translation, but the book is centuries old, so it may be dated now. I'm not sure as I'm not a military person and so may not be the best person to review this book. I thought it would apply to business. Some very clever points in it, though, and I am aware this book is a classic of its kind. Well known, especially by scholars.
Very interesting
How can I, A mere blockhead, describe the greatness of this masterpiece written by a genius? All I can say is, go ahead & purchase this book. I promise that you won't be disappointed. Hats off to "Finger Print Publishers". This is my third purchase with them after " The Three Musketeers " & "The Great Gatsby", And I'm an happy customer & a huge fan. Thank you so much guys! My heartfelt gratitude.
It is not the actual book but a snippet from the original. The whole book is just numbered quotes. Coming to the content, the book talks about the strategies they use in wars which can be used for business strategies. But without the proper context, the points lack punch and not clear sense can be made out of the book. I bought the book for 48 bucks which was a cool deal. :D
This book is a complete package for enhansing life skills. Dissapointed that the selling price in amazon was more than the MRP tag on the back of the book cover (its clearly written as Rs 99 but bought it for Rs 118). Overall its a useful product.
MAY BE BECAUSE THE BOOK IS A SHORT VERSION, IT GAVE LITTLE NEW INSIGHTS THOUGH IN ITS TIME IT WOULD BE EXTREMELY USABLE. THE SAYINGS OF CHANAKYA IN INDIA ARE MUCH MORE COMPREHENSIVE.
I was given this book to read as part of my black belt preparation and .u st admit that it is one of the hardest books I have ever read (along with The Book of Five Rings). I did not like the way this book was written as it it set out in short bullet point paragraphs, however I can understand why this book is still used in modern times as a lot of it can be adopted in other ways other than martial arts. I am glad I read this book but the way it was written has made me award this book only 2 stars.
I hoper for a slightly more serious version of the book. There are many pictures, and the pages have many weird, distracting ornaments on the sides. I would recommend a different version of the book (e.g. by Penguin). This book is ideal for someone who just wished for a hardcover version of this text, without any expectations concerning the design, and the book cover. 2 stars for the great source material and the okay-ish cover.
The book was delivered on time. The quality of paperback is ok. The book is filled with aphorisms related to war. It would be difficult to imagine the entire meaning of the aphorism and relate it to the current times. I would not recommend this version of the book to people who are looking forward to learn some incisive principles of challenges in life that are analogous to war.
Contents are ok, but lots of typos and amateurish layout. Size is bigger than A4 size, making it impractical to read.
It's all about strategy. Be it war or rat race of the modern world.
chatpers are point wise like in chaper 1 there are say 20 points likewise. there are no paragraphs so there is limited explaination may be its the way original book is written . now this is both poistive as its succint with clearly stating the point. but sometimes one seeks more explaination in depth to certain points. Quality of book : its good at this price point [ while i am being more demanding and want to have price lower than 60/- because its thin book but knowledge in those pages may be worth more but i am looking from no of pages , quality of pages , ink needed to print from that point of view it can be sold lesser than 60/- also ] comment: i guess a commentary book or essay book on this book or critic book on this book needs to be read to gain the indepth meaning of the points discussed in book. so that tactics used in the book can be used in other spheres [ without actual war on land ] final words: must buy [ read and gift ]
Hatte deutlich mehr erwartet, relativ zerstückelt, hat mir nicht wirklich gefallen, hatte mehr Hintergrund zur asiatischen lebenskultur und ggf. geschichtlichem erwartet, vielleicht zu hohe Ansprüche gehabt
Not what I had expected. Print quality is poor as well as the content seems to be pirated.
“Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.” Delivered right on time.
Good book..All about war..But logical so you can actually link some things you read to real life scenarios
Good to know, in case you plan to command a medieval army someday.
曹操の注釈が読みたくて買いました。 邦訳孫子との最大の違いはその注釈にあるでしょう。邦訳孫子の註はあ くまで訓古的なもの、語句解釈のためのものです。いわば漢文で読むた めの注かと。一方英訳孫子は、文章の解釈であり、曹操をはじめとする 過去なされてきた注釈が記載されています。 なお、曹操はCAO CAO。他の人名もアルファベットだと良くわかりませ んでした。漢字じゃないと誰なんだかよくわかりませんね。
Mögen sie Militär? Eigentlich spielt es keine Rolle! Der Klassiker in Sachen Taktik und strategie hat viel zu bieten, egal in welchem Umfeld man sich bewegt. Die Ansichten zu Informationen und ihrer Bewertung sind ungeahnt aktuell und zählen zum kompaktesten was mir je untergekommen ist. Auch wenn die Sprache ein bisschen angestaubt liest - es ist auf jeden Fall Zeit und Geld wert.
Very Good for a strategist looking for an opportunity how administrations is Done in any field or situation!!!
Es war ein sehr einfach gehaltener Schreibstil, Inhaltlich überaus interessant doch leider kam es mir persönlich sehr kompakt vor. Man verschlingt das Buch förmlich in wenigen Stunden.
Timely arrived. Good job. Thanks.. But I haven't seen the book yet as I'm on travel..
great book, great price.
Easy quick read, a few good bits.
英語で読むと改めて意味が心に入ってくる事もあった。また、翻訳者の解説ではなく、言葉ごとに中国の武将や研究者たちの解釈を集めて、読者に理解させようとしている手法が新鮮だった。 これはひょっとして、十家註とか十一家註といわれている物の英訳でしょうか。曹操以外の中国語読みを知らないので、人名がアルファベットになった時に想像が出来ないのと、日本語の十家註とか十一家註を読んだことがないので、はっきりしません。
Not as expected
Don't order this, this is not the book it says it is. This is the one I got, with 120 pages less from an unknown author. I ordered for the book by Cleary Thomas and got a rubbish. I ordered a mass market one but got a hardcovered one with CD but the author and ISBN is not written anywhere.
A bit naff really.  Not what I expected at all.  I wouldn't recommend it.
I'm sampling all the Kindle versions of the  Art of War to pick a readable translation. Like buses that all seem to come at once, this is YET ANOTHER version of the Lionel Giles' 1910 version without the rather heavy original footnotes or the mildly useful Giles introduction. It's actually in quite readable English for the date, and seems reasonably understandable in the 21st century. I've no idea on the accuracy of the translation. Opening line from other Giles versions: "Sun Tzu said: the art of war is of vital importance to the State. It is a matter of life and death, a road either to safety or to ruin. Hence it is a subject of inquiry which can on no account be neglected." Prices vary considerably but the words stay the same. Update: after clattering through all the Kindle samples, this is the one I chose, because it's the cheapest, AND I can always read the original introduction by getting a sample download from another version. Simples!
日中韓の戦争に絡む政治論争が多いが．先ずこの本を読んでから議論すべき．戦争を平時の思考で考えることの危うさが分かる．まず，日中間の政治トップが読むべきだろう．どうも名前だけで，通暁していないふしがある．
他の翻訳者の方の英訳本も機会があれば読み比べてみたいです。改めて自戒させられます。
It has very short description given. Very shortly wrapped up. I returned the book next day.
Awful..... Nonsense
This book is very much not motivational neither give you any means to enjoy. I really dont like this book.
if you read this you will change. . must read for entrepenuers
Great book
Good
Sahi hai
Good
5 stars
Not Recommended
Got this for the great reviews and the fact it’s “award-winning”....but who edited this? I’ve read 500 page novels with intense dialog between 5 characters simultaneously without typos or grammatical errors. I honestly am not trying to pick this book apart, but saw 3 before I even got to the actual translation. Perhaps I’m OCD, but I couldn’t get past the editing and returned this book the day I received it. Like another reviewer, I also get the impression I’m expected to buy many of the author’s other books to fully understand Sun Tzu’s concepts.
I have no doubts about the quality of the translation. However, the editing in the introduction is fairly sloppy. Not enough to dissuade me from purchasing this text, but still. For a book that has received so many awards the grammar and punctuation ought to be excellent from beginning to end. In the very first paragraph the sentence reads, “This work is based on many years of study the original Chinese and teaching the its strategy worldwide.” Although it’s a small mistake, I noticed two other grammatical/punctuation errors in the first three pages. Grammar pains aside, I’m looking forward to reading this text. This review is more for whoever edited this book to improve coherence in future editions.
I'm going to give 5 stars for the actual book and 0 for the kindle edition. The publisher should have made it clear that is not a kindle but just the book scanlated, page by page. Highlighting is not enabled, I'm not sure how is this better than buying the actual book. Actually it worse, If I had scanlated the book page by page for personal use, I could have used highlighting in pdf view.
Bought another translation of the art of war before and it was a joke. Finally a book that is not 32pgs and how it's listed is well organize.
Bought this for my son who isn’t a reader by nature, but is enthralled with this type of subject. He loves the fact that it is translated literally and feels as he has learned so much already from reading it, though not too awful far into the book. He is irritated that he has to put it down to read other things for his schooling. The best thing about this purchase is that I overheard him discussing the book and it’s some of the strategies with his Daddy the other morning rather than talking about the usual morning chit chat. That’s a good thing. He’s thinking beyond the usual.
Well written and precise!
Best version iv ever read.
one of the best ones out there, the author did a good job on the translation
Worst printing quality I have seen. The paper and Ink quality is very bad ... probably like many other  made in China products
Excellent book. I have several copies to give to friends and family!
book
This book can help anyone in a crisis.  It teaches you to be calm.  It teaches specific strategies.  Highly recommend.
Great book!! I always wanted to read this. These tactics still apply today. Military leaders should read this!!
Absolutely love this book!
Excellent.  Well written book.  Explains concepts and how to apply  them.
I like that the meanings of the text are explained in layman’s terms
Very good book.
Pages fall out, poor binding.
My husband wanted to read this and it’s an amazing read !
Book came fast and was as described.
Fast shipping, good read
I ordered this for my 17 yo son as a Christmas gift. I read it before I wrapped it. Very interesting. Full of useful information that can be applied to every day situations. I know he’ll love it.
I like to provide material that stimulates your mind. My son wanted this book and I was happy to purchase.
All products met my expectations
Arrived early and husband loved the book.
After comparing the Chinese text, with the english text, side by side.. I will compare the Chinese Art of War to cooking with sauce. It is like... living scripture. Openly interpreted. The english version, is like microwaving. You just get the food. It is already interpreted for you, which can be helpful as a hand rail, but, without the original Chinese you lose all the sauce, what makes the text brilliant in the first place. This is an unorthodox review. I will say, wow. I really like this book. This is the right version of Art of War for an english reader. Next level, would be to learn Chinese and read the original. It is an incredible law book.
Yes, there are grammatical and punctuation errors. Still, I have had 4 “versions” and for me, this is the best, easiest translation to read and actually understand. Course I’m a Redneck so words over two syllables do tend to confuse me. 😉 Bottom line, if you want a translation that makes sense and that you can understand, this is the one. 👍
The book is outlined pretty clearly and takes you from one topic to the next quite effortlessly.  The translation form the Chinese language seems very well done.
Good read... Everybody should read this some time in their life and apply it it in their daily life. It should be required reading for all business people.
Arrived as needed and stated. The book is s Christmas present. So I cant state more then that
Phenomenal book
For accuracy, and keeping true to the source, this book is great and contains the original Chinese and how they translated it just in case you wish to interpret the language in your own ways for a deeper meaning in a sense because words in Chinese can often have many meanings and be interpreted in multiple ways. What I did not like in particular was the occasional suggestion cropping up throughout the pages that in order read some of the extra art of war material, one would have to buy several other books from the same author as it's not all contained within this book.
I bought this to read on my kindle ebook but found that it was not compatible with my device. I had to return for a refund. waste of my time
Absolutely chuffed with my book, the only reason why I gave it 4 and not 5 is only because the writing is small, it would be brilliant if you could do it in large print, I did look but couldn't find any that were in English. 👍 and 5 for fast delivery
Highly recommended
Excellent read and informative
As per expectations
Nice gift
Qute amazing
Nicely done! The arrangement makes the translated text not only easier to understand, but allows the reader to comprehend the "Chineseness" of the text and therefore provides a much fuller comprehension of the tactics and philosophy of Sun Tzu.
If you want to read The Art of War, don't buy this thing. It's a 50 page outlined and bulleted version. Amazon is starting to annoy me with crappy vague representations of the products sold. The product description for this book is several paragraphs long but fails to mention this is not the actual book. Now I have to take the time to return it, or just take the $5 hit and use it as kindling.
Perhaps I missed something in the description, but this thing is TINY. It's basically a hyper condensed cliffs notes version, and it seems to focus almost entirely on military conflict.  (yes I know, art of war, what did I expect?)  The Art of War is more than a military handbook, it encompasses the subject of "conflict" more than actual military war.  It was meant to be as useful to a mother trying to get her child to go to bed, as it is for a general about to engage in a troop movement.  This is not actually a terrible version, its just chopped up and weirdly tiny.
Very misleading description and title. THIS IS NOT THE FULL BOOK. This is an abbreviated, 60 page recap of some of the chapters takeaways. It’s my fault for not looking at how many pages the book was before ordering but it should clearly say in the title and description that this isn’t the complete book. Disappointed with misleading information.
I was extremely disappointed after getting this book. I assumed it was the full length text (300+ pages) but what I received was a “pamphlet sized” text. You know what they say about assuming things, you can make an A$$ out of you and me..... well I did it to myself. To be fair.... the description DOES say 62 pages... I should have known better. None the less I put in a request to return this item as I have no need for 62 pages of bullet points... UPDATE: I received a full copy of the text and I went back to reference this text. ONLY A FEW CHAPTERS WE CLOSE TO SIMILAR... lots of different verbiage and it looks like the text was changed up to someone’s interpretation... DO NOT BUY IF YOU WNAT THE FULL TEXT!! Thank you :)
While I am partially to blame for ignorantly forgetting to read reviews prior to purchasing this product, it is also deceiving. I always try to read reviews to ensure what I am buying is legitimate and a worthwhile purchase. This is not the full text of Art of War, and it is never stated as being anything less. Upon receiving it I was disappointed immediately when I saw the size. While I did read it in about 20 minutes, it was quite a disappointment compared to what I wanted. My advice is to research before buying, as there are many of this watered down style floating around in Amazon.
Yes, it's about war.  But Sun Tzu's strategies for war work amazingly well in business and any competitive endeavor.  I bought a copy of this book to pass along his wisdom to a new high school graduate.  The format of the books is highly accessible and an easy read.  I have other copies of the book with additional notations and explanations.  They're fine for background research, but I like this version for quick access to Sun Tzu's insights.
A quick read that supposedly teaches skills needed in management or on the battlefield. Know your enemy. Never completely surround your enemy. Treat your army as you would your children; show them love, yet do it with an iron fist. Pretty basic stuff on how to defeat obstacles in life.
Purchased as a gift to one of my ROTC Cadets to begin their professional library. As part of a class assignment I asked each cadet what book would they no-kidding read, military or not, related to their academic major or not. After I compiled the list of books for the class I went online and ordered all the books from Amazon. I placed them at their seats prior to class and allowed them to enter the room w/o me being present for the first five minutes. It was, and still is, one of the good teaching moments of our time together. Thanks for helping me fulfill a need in their soon-to-be military career.
Description highly misleading. This is a 15 page summary, not the full book.
Whether a military warrior, a martial artist, or a business man, Sun Tsu's principles are timeless wisdom that can apply to many walks of life.  A great addition to your collection.  I keep going back to mine again and again.
It is easy to see why this material transcends through history,  and applies to military tactics to this day. It is also very easy to see how the philosophy of Sun Tzu serves as inspiration for so many martial arts as well. I'm glad I finally got to read the whole thing.
The book is as good as it has been for centuries, however, the narration was surprisingly bad.  The narrator misread many words throughout the book.  It was as if the narrator did not have adequate reading skills because they would say words completely different from what was printed.  This was confusing because the words the narrator said made no sense in the context of the sentence.  This made it so that i couldn't just listen to the book, i had to instead continually make sense of the narrator's mistakes.
The "brochure" is a waste of money and time. It's written entirely through numeric points that mostly make no sense. The sentences are written in very simple language, which could be either from the original author or a result of the translation. The described "tactics" are merely common sense, nothing surprising or extraordinary. The Art of War in this form of brochure serves at best to stabilize a wobbly table.
No where is the description it state this was not the full book. It shows over 4 stars on more than 800 reviews, so I thought it would be a safe buy.  This is only some odd abbreviated version of the book. It’s a waste of money, don’t but this one!!
Thought this was actually the book... turns out to be a 10-page pamphlet version.
I simply read this because I wanted to see what it was all about. It is a classic and has its place among Beijing in the most important ancient texts all g with the bible. I read this for fun and did not analyze or pick it apart. I recommend read it if you are into these kind of books.
This could just be my air but I always thought this was a large book and this thing is a paperback pamphlet size of a Jehovah witness brochure. For the price I guess it’s not bad but I was expecting a book.
The book is a classic and there very little to be said about this that has not been said by more experts on warfare then this reader. I recommend it to any person that is considering a career in the military. Volumes have been written on how to conduct military operations but in this case less is more, in this small book is a wealth of experience and knowledge that translates into the present state  of modern warfare. The shame is that many in the military that have read it can't seem to utilize the lessons to be learned that are clearly expressed in it.
Read it. Put it to practice. Highly recommend this book for anyone looking to achieve victory. Power overwhelming. Godspeed mortal.
I ordered this book thinking that it was the full book, however, when it arrived I was surprised to see that it was only summaries of the chapters and points in the original book. I wished to return it, but when I checked to print out the return sheet, there was no way for me to return it! I am sure the summaries are accurate and do provide a good synopsis of the text, but I would like to be able to find that out myself and read the full text.
Book is ok but only provides a brief summary. Table of contents does not correspond to any pages.
I purchased two versions. This one is the real deal. Only if you are waging war is it relevant. However, it is a classic and worth the read. It reminded me of Alinkski' Rules for Radicals. Another waging war document
I've heard about this book for many years. It's easy to understand why so many professionals beyond military Admirals and Generals apply Sun Tzu's principles. There are many concepts that have application in sports, business, and politics. I love how it gets tight to the point. Very refreshing.
Great.  Well written.  Helpful in many professions.
Bought it for my girlfriend and after reading it she was inspired to go demand a $15k raise. Now I stole it from her and I'm feeling ready to do battle!
So far the book is a great read. It is very detailed and a most read for all. Unfortunately, the copy I received was a little torn at the bottom of the first page, but it is still readable.
This is not even 1/4 of the whole book.  This book is maybe 1/4" thick.  The real book was at least an inch thick.  I've seen the real deal in bookstores after purchasing this.  Well played,  I'm not gonna ask for a refund for this cheap of an item,  but I'm sure not giving it a good rating.
This is an outstanding reference and handbook for strategies in war, competition and personal growth.  A treasure chest of ancient and time-proven advice!
What's not to like? Sun Tzu tells you all you need to know about war and how to win.  Apply it metaphorically and you win at life.
The book is deceiving it really is just an outline of the book, about 50 pages.
Great classic book. It was shipped to me a little bent, no worries. I've read it before but I lost the book and wanted it for my collection
It is a good book for those who wonder of war. Hopefully we.will never jabe to use this in any war.
This is not the entire book. I don't know why it doesn't state that in the description. It has good information though. I keep a few copies to hand out to people for reference use.
Still widely revered and used today. I recommend this book to anyone who wants a deeper understanding of government, military, politics, and even some organizations.
Very misleading this is not the actual book! Buyer beware
This book reads almost like a bunch of Bible verses- quite random, segmented advice that is good not only for war but for life. Really quick read, but tons of pro life tips.
This is a  pamphlet of Sun Tzu’s sayings with no  interpretation or analysis of his meaning. I was looking for something more in-depth. Also the cover and description is not what I received. I believe all the items on Amazon are this pamphlet type.
Interesting reading.
Amazing and should be a must read for everyone. Tactics in all facets of life.
Great book
such a great read i had to buy it twice and give it away as a gift
The description was not clear that this is just basically a bullet point summary. NOT the full book. I didn’t read the reviews.
Turns out this wasn't the book I thought it was. It's just an overview of the book. Smh... alrrady in the garbage.
The ultimate handbook for anyone involved in competitive business, entertainment, finance. Really a great read and should be on the top 5 books any new businessperson should read.
I thought it would be thicker but I was in need of something to read!
This book is the defacto standard for studying battle tactics. It's also a great book to study as a business owner as well.
Thought what I was buying was the full "art of war" book... - it was not - just a cliff note...
Great book and fast read
Great read
Wasn’t expecting this to be a flimsy book....
Great book!
Very good life advise  for anyone. Definitely have to read more than once yo get the full gist. But would definitely recommend to help,with discernment and decision making.
Did not enjoy
This book is awesome
Read it a couple times to fully understand it
Husband loves it
This version or translation is worse that the Kings James Translation of the Bible.
Great
I feel dumb for buying this. It is NOT the whole book just the cliff notes and only 62 pages long. Read the reviews so you dont make the same mistake.
Stop fighting
As Advertised
Wanted a copy, love having in my collection, mught replace with a hardback at some point
The large surface area with so few pages makes it a bit frustrating to keep in good condition for long, although overall it's presented very well. Not bad for the price. Recommended for your first time reading or a copy you can take anyway without worry.
Thought  it was a book but it's only a long pamphlet.
I don't have anything new to say about this. Read it and think about how it applies to you. One more word was required.
Okay
Also made in large print to take up space. Very disappointed!
Worthless bullet point summary. Cheap pamphlet
I thought it would be a lot bigger and in depth  book but it's like an outline.
Product received is as described.
Can I give it -5 stars? Lesson learned!  Always read reviews.  Bad move Amazon.
I didn't know exactly what to expect from this book. This is as much of a philosophy book as it is on the stratagem of conducting a war. No battle scenes or gore. A quick read.
Too bad Obama never read it.  If he had, ISIS would not have come into existence.
Good book
Like
My son loved this present, he had read a part of it at uni but is now happy he's read the whole book.
though not my favorite book it was still worth the read
A good translation, but just know that you're only ordering a 20-ish page SUMMARY, so don't get this if you're looking for the full text!
Simple explanations, and you’re able to interpret many things past the described war-time situations. There’s quite a bit to take away from it.
It is a great book. Enjoy it.
Son's in jail n loves this book
Great!
Loved this ancient book. I used it with problems at work.
Si recomendable
Wasn’t the whole book so look in description. Should have known by the price.
Classic read, great for anyone in biz!
Its mostly just a book with quotes/ sayings. I was hoping for a shortened version of the art of war book its self.
Great read, I highly recommend.
Fascinating strategies. Some concepts and strategies are even useful in situations we see at work and personal life. I really enjoyed it.
Not the full version. Do not buy this book. This is NOT the real book.
perfect to make you think about how you handle situations at home and work.  DOES NOT GIVE ANSWERS!  Provokes thinking in another way.
good
My husband has wanted this book for a very long time. Good price and fast service.
Bought this as a gift and realized the print quality is just so so, specially of the cover.  It's still decent if you are buying it to just read but not as a book to keep forever.
The best way to describe this is the Cliff's notes of The Art of War. Product is deceptive in the description. Thought I was getting the full book. Disappointed......
Bought as a gift
Classic strategic planning
My son loved this one!
Very good.
Smooth reading and easy to listen to. I'll definitely be revisiting this title a few more times at least. Peace.
A most read.  It is short and reads like a book in the Old Testament.  A lot of wisdom.
Get what you paid for
The more your read it the more you get from the book
Great
This book is a great read. I would recommend this to a friend. It is really my new favorite, a page turner.
Good
Fast, and as advertised.
This book does not contain the full book. I used to have the paperback but lost it. This is not the same one.
Thank you
Got the book. Great condition
It’s a summary of the original version. I like it
Short and sweet
Great book.
Very sparse translation! I got this for a college class, and thankfully I had another version. There's no translator credited, or publisher outside of "Black and White Classics" printed inside of it, so citing this wouldn't have been fun. There's a small intro, and then the very basic translation. It actually came in handy when the other version of Art of War that i had got a little too verbose- I was able to refer to this one to get it "dumbed down a little", but I'm very glad I had the other copy to be able to quote, cite, and get more context for the class I am in.
Good read
Great read...
A must read for life lessons, business start ups, and actual war.
Excellent read!
If you are looking for the cliff notes, this is the book for you. If you actually want to read the full text, look elsewhere.
Book arrived in good condition
It is basically just a listing of SunTzu's principles. The cover art pictured was not what I received. I got cover art that just stated the title. Bookseller was good to deal with regarding this issue. Wish the book had some analysis or explanation or examples. No introduction verbiage nor back cover nor chapter verbiage.
This is a shortened version of the book, but it doesn't tell you that so It was kinda a rip off
Not full book. Was advertised as full book, but it’s more of an overview.
A very affordable price for a reprint of a classic.  It is much appreciated.
Same as always
Liked the organization by important concepts.  Good way to apply the info to my real life concerns
I believe this is required reading at our nation's Military Academies. I found it fascinating.
For military..excellant. I read this book while in Ranger training in 1967.
Fantastic book. Still very relatable today.
An amazing read.
This is the most informative book I've read in a while.  I'm very impressed!
This Book is the biggest knock off! Really disappointed in Amazon for allowing more and more knock offs to be sold on their site.
Great
Feel deceived I was a very abridged version
I guess its my own fault. The description should be more clear.
Even though im not done the book i still find it to be a very interesting read and do recommend it
Not eloquently written but great content.
It’s a great book
Just a pamphlet. Do not buy.
WOULD HAVE BEEN NICE TO KNOW THIS WAS CONCISE VERSION
It is a must read if you like reading books old enough to be considered historic
this is a summary of the book! very deceiving! Read these reviews first!
ok
nice translation, straigh to the point
You'll be able to defeat anyone standing in your way after reading.
This is a 62 page summary of the book.
Classic book everyone should read.
I would have liked for the shirt to be all cotton, and a heavier weight.
Love this book!!
Item as described and items were shipped quickly.
That's not the edition I was expecting to receive. It seems like a 'watered down' edition of The Art of War.
Not the full book. Only about 50 pages of commentary.
This book came brand new and its content is applicable to many areas of life. It can speak to where you plan to go. I love it!
Very good
Nice little reference book
Great great book!
This was not The Art of War. It is a book of quotes and snippets from the actual book.
Great read, war is everywhere to be found, this just goes deep into that and actual war
Great book.
Thanks
Good book
Like the easy read format.
Powerful book...
It’s a cliff note version
i never ordered this version
very satisfied
Everyone should read.
I didn't like this version. Seems pretty chopped up.
Too little content in this abridged summary
This isn't the real book, it's a rip-off. Don't buy it.
Awesome little book
I am currently still reading it im half way through it. Its a great way to see into the mind of a great warrior
Coaching strategy
Purchased summary instead of full txt
Its not the actual book its just nonsense
My mini-synopsis: This book is quite literally a guide filled with tips on how to go to war. It was written by Sun Tzu who was a Chinese general in the Eastern Zhou period. The book gives very specific actionable tips on how to be sure that your army will win a war. It has become very popular in the business world because many of the tips for war can be translated to be helpful in running a successful business. It is a very short read but is a great look into the mind of an extremely successful general, and gives great advice on how to build a successful “army”. Whether you are looking to win a war or win at business, Sun Tzu says, “Opportunities multiply as they are seized.” What I learned: I learned many tips on how win a battle using fire and spies but even more about how to run a business. The point that I found came up the most was to be unexpected. Never use the same strategy twice if you are trying to beat someone. In terms of how to handle competition, this is the best (least aggressive) strategy I found. Never do what people are expecting or you give them plenty of time to determine how they will defeat you. Additionally, a point that stood out to be was how tactics are like water. You can’t expect for a strategy that worked in one market to work just as well in another. Use it as a guide then be aware enough to allow the strategy to react to its surroundings, like water down a mountain. The final point I will make is a point that I have seen mentioned over and over in many books from most of the successful leaders (sans Jobs of course). Treat your people well! He specifically mentions that before “disciplining” them or pushing them too hard, they must fully trust you and be attached. Once again I am reminded that leaders lead by example which gives everyone the faith to trust them. Great quick read and now I feel like I need to go buy a samurai sword.
For the past 2 months I have been reading this astounding book called The Art of War. The Art of War has been changing the world around us for more than 2,500 years. It was written by a war strategist, named Sun Tzu during his attempt to defend his country, Wu, from its larger neighbor, Chu. According to The Life Guides, a youtube channel. This remarkable book has inspired George Washington to find hope during the Revolutionary War, it has also helped The United States of America and many other countries to defend against the Nazis, and has inspired President Donald Trump’s business strategies. This book has also changed me in some vital ways. Here are a few of them. First, in karate, I am able to use my energy so much more effectively by applying some tips from the book. For example, the quotes “appear where you are least expected, “when the enemy is taking rest give him none“, “appear strong when you are weak”,  “ and avoid what is strong and strike at what is weak”. This book has also helped me in my day to day life. I have learned how to manage my time and to prioritize what I use it for. This helps me to prevent from getting overwhelmed with work. I would recommend this book to a person who is willing to change himself for the better, and who is willing to put in the effort to read it and understand it to its full extent. A couple of major questions raised by the book are: Did Sun Tzu ever even write the Art of War? Many historical facts suggest that Sun Tzu was not the original author; and Is The Art of War fiction, nonfiction, or realistic fiction? We will never know the book combines various genres and is subjective to the opinion of the reader. Sun Tzu spoke in complex and diverse riddles about war tactics, how to be a great leader, and more. His voice sounded wise but commanding and kept me hooked throughout the book. I wanted to keep reading the book, and this is coming from someone who despises reading in general.
A great book, with a wealth of knowledge and strategies that can be adapted for use in conflict ridden or adversarial situations in daily life.  This book is just as relevant today as it was centuries ago.
Avoid this copy. Is not noted by the publisher which source is used, only that it is public domain. I do not believe they are following copyright laws even by stating just that. Look for a modern translation with a known author.
Diary of a wimpy kid is better.
This book is really a blessing to me. It really helped me a lot when it comes to important decision at my work and in my job that will matter the most in the future. I learned a a lot 'of new perspective when it comes to strategic planning, to those of you who want's a wiser and safer decision in my this is the book that's right for you.
Thank you for this amazing addition to my collection! Definitely recommend this seller!! 5 STAR!
Great for business strategy and tactics. Excellent guide.
This version of the book is definitely not the one you are assuming
Fake cliffnote book.
Not the full version. Very thin book.
Basic yet complex.  Simple yet profound.  Timeless  yet relevant.  Best book ever.
I bought as a gift. It was well received. Easy to read
I really love this book
A classic. Pristine condition.
Amazing!
Great common Sense is a great thing especially if it went through history and is still teaching valuable lessons with all that we've been through,good job Sun Tzu .
I always wanted to give this book a go, with all the references to it in pop culture etc., and seeing as it's relatively cheap I just thought I would chuck it on to another order I was getting. First of all, the book was far smaller than I expected it to be. It's very slim, and the content on the pages is arranged into points with significant white space between each one. Maybe look up some images of the book to give yourself a better idea of what you're paying for. I personally find the points can be a little hard to digest, which is understandable given that it's translated from an older language/way of writing. Once you get past that though, it's a good and interesting read with many good points and I'm glad I purchased it.
The art of this war is to get the enemy to read this book and send them all to sleep then attack
I have read the book before in its physical format. This e-book is not the full version of fhe book as it is much shorter (30 pages?? the full book is more than 200 pages). This product does not mention this fact anywhere. Scam. The real full book is really good. Just buy it from another provider.
If you can appreciate when this was written then you will understand the historical value of this book. A worthy read and a good place to start if you like war history.
Absolutely brilliant book. Some elements apply to all aspects of life. Very good book, nice easy read. Recommend to everyone.
Bought for son, seems pleased but hard to tell, as he perminantly has head stuck in s book.
Eye opening! 😲 I'm really glad I bought this now!
Learnt far more than i expected and raced through it, excellent. Ifvyou like strategy yiu will love thus.  Took 40 mins to read
Awesome book. Full of incredible quotes. Ideal to add to your library.
I liked the book, the only downfall is the cover which isn't thick enough. The cover bends and stays in the shape it's been in, not very solid. Otherwise, happy purchase
Worth the money.
Loved the book
Very thin and very basic
Bought this as a reminder to a business book I bought that had all of Sun Tzu's principles in, and this is a great little text. Not as detailed as the other book I had, but a great manual to add your own take too.
Great read
The book is a testament to the writer
5* once I started digging into this book I couldn't let it go. This book used to be banned long ago, such a bless to have access to it.This says all. Enjoy :)
Deep book, still with good application to modern times teaching a military mind, more should read this book as they say knowledge is power
Those interested in politics can learn from this, those that are interested in warfare need to understand it even more
I find it difficult to understand.
Its a very good book, it makes you think about strategies outside the box in every problem you face in life
Interesting and intriguing.  Applicable ideas and philosophy to other areas of life and relationships other than just war strategy.
If you buy this, you know what you want and it deliverd.
Dislike being forced to write a review while reading the book. Destroyed my train of thought for no good reason.
Splendid and very thought provoking. Admittedly it was the "Total War" series that brought it to my attention.
V good
Great book, insightful.
Great book
Fantastic Book
Not the actual book. Don't spend your money on this.
Great perspective. Very applicable for anybody who is looking to improve in sports.
Excellent
good book
The book came in excellent condition. Packaged well from seller. I would highly suggest that when reading this book that you find a quite place to read it.  You will want to emerse your entire focuss on the story and absorb all info. It's not the same read if your being interrupted all the time. It's a great quite time reading book you will get allot out of. I loved it and it's now going on my coffee table. I will most definitely read this book again. Everyone's perception of this book is different so therefore that's why i suggested a quite place to enjoy the book. Hope that helps and enjoy.
Buscaba la versión en inglés completa. El libro es una adaptación, y además es demasiado delgado como para considerarse un libro.
This isn't a "book"...its a flyer.  Very disappointing.
this book inspries me to farm five hundered million potatoes i dont know why though - Sun Tzu the art of war
Good product
A must read for all human families of planet earth.  This document transcends time and space.  This is a must read!
It is okay, but I do not like the translation. It seems a bit to simple.
nice book to read
quick read
