If you’re familiar with any Chinese folklore, it’s probably this story. But you probably know it as “Journey to the West.”  It’s not only been released in numerous editions as a novel, it’s also been adapted for film, stage play, and I’m sure there must be a video game of it out there. If you’re thinking, “Chinese folklore? Sounds boring.” Think again. This is a superhero story. Monkey, also known as the Monkey-King and “Great Sage Equal to Heaven,” is an immortal who has all manner of supernatural powers. He can fly. He can make copies of himself. He can transform himself—either disguising himself as another being or appearing as an inanimate object. He has an iron truncheon that can be the size of a sewing needle or a mile long and which is indestructible. Wielding said staff, he can defeat armies or deities. In fact, the flaw in this story isn’t a lack of adventure or thrill. On the contrary, it’s one adventure after the next. If anything, the flaw is “Superman Syndrome.” That’s what I call it when the hero is so ridiculously overpowered that even when he’s fighting gods, dragons, or whole armies there’s still no doubt about the outcome. Of course, the Monkey does eventually meet his match in the form of the Buddha. The Buddha defeats Monkey not in combat, but in a bet.  That event shifts the direction of the story. In the early chapters, Monkey is goes about heaven and earth arrogantly wreaking havoc. He’s not altogether detestable. He does have his redeeming traits, but he’s insufferably arrogant and mischievous. After he’s imprisoned following his run-in with the Buddha, a monk is assigned to go to India to bring back scriptures (hence, a “journey to the west”) to China. Monkey is assigned to be the monk’s guardian and along with two others that they pick up along the way (Pigsy and Sandy) the monk is escorted on his journey. The party faces one challenge after the next, and the trip is long and arduous. Some of the challenges require brute force but in many cases they are battles of wits. So while Monkey may be overpowered, he does experience personal growth over the course of the story. The story is told over 30 chapters, each set up with a cliffhanger. I enjoyed this translation by Arthur Waley. It is end-noted, which is useful given the historic and cultural nuances that may not be clear to readers. It should be noted that this is unambiguously a Buddhist tale. There is a bias against Taoists and other non-Buddhist religions evident throughout the story. It’s not just the fact that the Buddha easily defeats Monkey when no other deity or group of deities can, there’s a steady stream of anti-Taoist sentiment. So, Taoists and Chinese Folk Religion practitioners be warned, I guess. I would recommend this book for fiction readers, particularly if you have an interest in the superhero genre or Chinese literature.
This version of Journey to the West exudes a perfumed wind. Waley is the greatest of translators from Chinese.  While this is abridged and cannot match the magisterial but stiffer version of Anthony Yu, it is just right for an introduction to this fabulous work. Many who read this will want to tackle Yu. Many others would not wish it longer than it is. Waley occupies a happy position at the boundary between these two groups.
Wonderfully funny and sometimes poignant ancient classic novel about pilgrimage by the wild and resourceful Monkey King and the diffident Tripitaka, Monkey's nominal master. Here's one of my favorite quotes from the novel. "They travelled on for many days and autumn had already come when late one evening Tripitaka reined in his horse and said, 'Disciple, where are we going to halt to-night?'  'Master,' said Monkey, 'that is a question for ordinary men to ask, not for such pilgrims as we.' 'Wherein lies the difference?' asked Tripitaka.  'Ordinary people at this hour,' said Monkey, 'are hugging their children or cuddling their wives in soft beds under warm coverlets, lying snug and comfortable as you please.  But how can we pilgrims expect any such thing?  By moonlight or starlight on we must go, supping on the air and braving the wet, so long as the road lasts.’"
This is a funny book as well as quite a serious one. Keeping an open mind while reading makes for a better experience.  Monkey is a lot like you and me.  He does the hard work to become enlightened and a standout person only to become a stronger egocentric narcissus blind to the rights and feelings of others.  But he is finally chastised for his behavior and learns to be true to his word and use his powers to help others and in the process does not lose any of his essential essence that makes him who he is.  It is a fine tale masterfully written and fun to read.  There is a reminder here that we all have something of a “Monkey Mind” inside us.
Its journey to the west but in a more compact read.  The monk travels westward to spread buddhism but has quite a journey.  The read journey to the west is too long for undergraduate students.  So I can assign this to them since is only about 300 pages.  The full length translation by the same person is 4 volumes and about 1200 pages.  I recommend the full length version if you are reading for your personal enrichment of reading a Chinese classic.  If you just want a quick read to understand the legend better than any movie, TV show, or children's book, then this is a fine abridged version of the translation I enjoy most and bought the last time I was in China.  To be honest, none of the popular culture shows or childrens' books I have seen here, or in China, are anywhere close to the actual book.  They just borrow some of the characters and call it Monkey King.  This is the real deal and, thus, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! One of my favorites ever!
The pre-chosen descriptions of the plot mood, characters and pace that Amazon provides are no match for the wonder of the book. Monkey has entertained children and elders in China for 1000 years. There are movies, songs, and spin-off tales. Donnie Yen just did a new movie in 2014 based on this book,and in 2013 Journey to the West was released in theaters. That's the mark of a book with staying power!  It's a fun read with twists and turns and magic and all the splendor and wonder you expect from China 1000 years ago. Think of the most sensational and unreal Kung-Fu movie you ever saw with flying swords and beasts and rooftop fights, magic fists, Crouching Tigers and Dragons and mystery. That is this book in it's ancient glory. You may love this, or you may find your child enthralled with the characters, plot and wonder of Sun Wukong, the Monkey King, or the Jade Princess, or the demon catcher...
Monkey is an incredible tale that I read as a child and am looking forward to reading again as an adult. I was so happy to see this reprint in paperback. The story itself is a wonderful comedic adventure that provides insights into Taoism, Buddhism, and Confucianism as well as satirizes Chinese society of the 16th century. Monkey is, as to be expected, hilarious. There are many reviews of the story if you search the internet, so I'll not waste your time writing what others have already written.  Just know you'll enjoy!
Some people know the character Son Goku, from the Japanese cartoon series Dragon Ball Z.  Others are familiar with Pokemon's Infernape.  And still more know a similar character from a TV miniseries shown in the US in 2001 called The Lost Empire.  Rumor has it that Jet Li will collaborate with Jackie Chan to portray a Sun Wukong-like character in the forthcoming movie The Forbidden Kingdom.  What fans of these characters may not know, is that they are all based on China's infamous Sun Wukong--or The Monkey King. The tale of the Sun Wukong is one of the four major Chinese literary classics.  His 81-chapter story, called Journey to the West (Xi You Ji), was written by Wu Chen-En  in the 1500s.  Monkey's legend is based on the true story of a well-known monk, Xuan Zang (602-664), who traveled to Inida to bring the Sutra--the Buddhist holy book--to China to enlighten the people and improve their lives.  In Journey to the West, however, reality gives way to a much more entertaining and fantastic version of the story. Journey to the West is a hero's quest, elaborated with Monkey's supernatural powers, interlaced with Taoist and Buddhist practices and beliefs as well as common superstitions, embellished with fairy tales, monster stories, legends, and fables.  Some of the chapters read like superhero comics, others like instructional Bible stories.  Some parts of the story, as when Monkey, Pigsy, and Sandy are hiding in a Temple and outwit the priests, are downright hilarious.  The Sun Wukong legend can be read as a hero-journey-quest, a political and social satire of rebellion against a corrupt government, or as pure fancy.  No wonder Journey to the West has endured for so long. It's hard to believe that as popular as Journey to the West has remained over the centuries, its author would never have admitted to writing it.  Wu Chen-En was a scholar and a statesman.  During the 1500s (Ming Dynasty), it was considered unfit for educated and high ranking men to read any kind of comic or popular literature.  Wu was influenced in writing this tale by the super-hero stories he read secretly while in school. The entertaining escapades of Sun Wukong have remained popular through the ages, inspiring operas, cartoons, and now movies.  The tale has even spawned a Sun Wukong festival, which features recreations of many of his adventures, and a statue of Monkey stands at a Buddhist temple in Sau Mau Ping in Hong Kong.  Chairman Mao was also a fan, who mentioned Monkey as a role model in many of his speeches.  He said people should emulate Monkey's fearlessness in thinking, doing work, striving for his objectives, and extricating China from poverty.  Sun Wukong is well-known and well-liked in modern times among children in Vietnam, Thailand, Japan, and Korea.  I think Wu Chen-En would secretly be very pleased!
Monkey (or the Monkey King or The Journey to the West) is one of the great epic novels in Chinese culture.  Set in the 6th century, but not written in the current form until the 16th century (it was part of an oral tradition before that), the story is on the surface about the pilgrimmage of a Buddhist Priest, Hsuan Tsang, and his 3 disciples/side-kicks: Monkey, Pigsy and Sandy, as they journey to India to bring back sacred scrolls from Buddha.  Arthur Waley has done a truly impressive job of translating, editing, and bringing to life a selection of the stories (30 from 100 original chapters) from the original Chinese book.  He retains the complete first section about Monkey:  How he was born from a stone, the trouble and mischief he caused on earth and in heaven, and how he reached the title of Sage, Equal of Heaven until getting imprisoned in a stone under a mountain.  Waley then presents a selection of the adventures that the 4 cohorts encounter in their journey to find the scrolls.  Each of the adventures follow the same theme of encounter a difficulty, i.e., some people in trouble, help the people to overcome the difficulty, usually through magical or supernatural powers, and then move on.  By translating an abridgement, it prevents this repetitive style from dragging on, and it stays fresh.  In addition, to the basic story line, one learns much about ancient Chinese culture, Buddhism, and some about Taoism.  Moreover, the 4 pilgrims rather than being model characters are actually quite flawed, which makes the stories fascinating, because it always requires a group effort to surpass each hurdle.  This is a wonderful book.  Translating from contemporary Chinese to English is difficult enough, but from 16th century Chinese, Waley has done an amazing job.
Monkey is the story of the Monkey-king, acting as a guarding of a Buddhist monk in his travels to the west. Don't let this description mislead you. It is not a lofty, religious book. It IS an action-packed adventure thriller, with some touches of philosophy and fantasy. What I liked most about this book it is that it does not obey the norms (or guidelines) of western literature. The heroes can be cowards, betrayal is completely expected, good and evil are not opposites. Very refreshing, and keeps you on your (mental) toes. Highly recommended!
Mama used to read "between bites" at the dinner table to keep seven kids quiet and interested, and let Dad enjoy his dinner. She looked for books that had a beautiful flow to the language that would attract even the baby, simple enough basic story lines that the little kids would enjoy it, enough adventure to attract the middle kids, and deeper, subtler meanings to engage the older kids and adults. This one, Monkey, by Wu Ch'eng-en, translated by Arthur Whaley, was top contender, and I heard it read aloud many times in my childhood, always with enjoyment, always learning more. (The other most-repeated books were Kipling's Kim and Tolkein's The Hobbit.)   It is the story of the irreverent magic Monkey King who had adventures on earth, tricked a sage into teaching him the secrets of magic and immortality, and then created havoc on earth and in the beaurocracy of heaven. (Mama explained that the idea of beaurocracy is deeply ingrained, and that people tend to imagine their afterlife to be ideal versions of what this one might be.) As punishment Monkey was imprisoned for 500 years under the Mountain of the Five Elements, and as penance was to accompany and protect the priest Tripitaka on a journey from China to India to bring back copies of sacred scrolls, to bring the true teachings of the Buddha to China. They had adventures. And the author pulls us from one to the next with hints. ”If you do not know how far they still had to travel and whether disasters still awaited them, you must listen to what is told in the next chapter.”
As an American of Chinese descent, I was able to read one of China's most famous novels. Although, it is the translated version, I believe that the author translated it very well. This is my first time reading the Monkey King despite having seen several television adaptions. According to my Chinese professor, this book is very true to the original version. Three reasons why I would purchase this: 1. One of China's Most famous novels 2. Abridged Version (if you are pressed with time) 3. True to the original version.
Translation is always an incredibly difficult task and this one is between not just different languages and different eras, but also different cultures and different philosophies. This is a very readable translation of a portion of the epic, at the cost of context and a degree of accuracy. However, if you want to just read the story and enjoy it as a story, this is probably the best version. Deeper retellings are a slog to get through and unless you really want every drop, you're better off with a version you'll complete.
The original name of this story is Journey to the West.  It is the Chinese equivalent of Grimm's Fairy Tales.  Like Snow White or other beloved Western fairy tales, every Chinese child knows this epic story of the Monkey King and his companions' journey to the West to seek enlightenment.  Along the way, these voyagers encounter demons, fairies and other fantastic characters. I had heard this story many times when I was little and I am still enchanted by the story now that I am a parent.  I highly recommend this book for both parents and children.  Each chapter is a complete story so it's a great bedtime read.
I've always been a fan of epics - homer, virgil, beowulf, sir gawain, gilgamesh. This is by far the best of them. It's hilarious, and fantastical in a way that most stories/books of this kind are simply not. I believe it when people say this is one of the best translations out there, though it's the only one I've read.
Have really enjoyed this version of this story!  I had no problem understanding the author;  although it could be I was brought up surrounded by the British accent.  My only problem was that parts of it seemed fainter, with a fuzzy static, and I turned up the volume it would inevitably go back to normal.
For the most part I enjoyed the story. There were times where parts of the story seemed to be glanced over and other less detailed parts seemed to be dragged out longer than needed. Granted this is an abridged translation, so it could be something lost in translation or just missing from the abridged version.
This novel - and it is much more than that - is considered by the majority of people in the world (Asian) - one of, if not the absolute greatest writing of all time.  Shakespear but with more fun, meaning and breadth of meaning and effect - to each - and through each stage of life. It is originally written in 4 good sized books and has been translated to English as well (as other languages) many times.  In many things translated, it is hard to reflect the flow and cadence of things, as well as reflect the sometimes culturally derived understandings and appreciations of things, and so much more.  Especially true with this where not only are there magnificent stories, a poetry and social commentary (and more) in one. This abridged version notes it tries to capture only the major and translatable stories in this absolutely magnificent piece of literature, while maintaining as literal translation of the words as possible.  Great writings, dreams if you will, are great almost in spite of dialect not just because of them.  This is an example of that. The selections and presentation succeeds in all regards and you are swept into the writing and can feel and be washed away in joy and thought by it.  It is entirely comfortable for we US type readers.  (So great is what you get that it even makes me jealous of those who have the ability  to enjoy it exactly as it was written - as many have said for generations - it can be life alteringly powerful). This is a very approachable read for anyone with a US/anglo perspective - and as recommended to me - the best one from that point of view.
This book is fun. The book itself was used, and came exactly as advertised, with no tears or bad markings. I would definitely used this seller again. As for the book itself, the story is fun, intriguing, and timeless. I would highly recommend.
This is a stunning translation of an inherently beautiful story of adventure and spirituality. The selection of stories is careful and coherent, while the language is readable and entertaining. It’s amazing how Waley captured so many of the jokes and digs in here. Kindle version worked fine.
This is a classic fairy tail. It is China's equivalent of the Brother's Grimm. If you enjoy fairy tales, you should buy this as it is well written and not tedious as other versions are. Aurthur Waley did an excellent job of making the story a joy to read. You can even read this book to your children the same way you would read any fairy tale book to children. It is nicely organized with each chapter as a separate episode or story that allows for a pause between chapters without losing the overall arc of the story. It is entertaining, and has hidden gems of both wisdom and mystical teachings for those who have the eyes to see. In other words, you can learn advanced spiritual alchemy from this book if you are paying attention. Secret lore hidden in a fairy tale! Ironically...it also shows Buddhism's nastier side. Few people know that even the Buddha himself had no problem using force to "convince" others of the superiority of his argument. Or that there is no such thing as mercy and forgiveness in Buddhism. The wheel of Karma...divine punishment... is merciless and inescapable. And refusing to bow down and know your proper place in the hierarchy... is an unpardonable sin. A great read!
I bought this book as a gift and the person likes the story very much!! I also read this version several pages and from these several pages, I can tell the translation is superb. I myself have enjoyed this book in the original Chinese edition and have loved it since I first read it. The Monkey is such a beloved trickster hero that everyone knows and adores in China and many countries of Asia. Highly recommend this book for your whole family!!
I grew up on "Journey to the West", having read it in various Chinese versions catered for easier reading, children's books, even comic books. This translation captures so much of the same humor and personalities of the characters that it was just as enjoyable as the Chinese version. But a big downside is that it's missing so many of the best adventures of the original story. That means we miss out on many of the Monkey's crazier transformations, the beasts and gods and their magic and weapons, and more of the interpersonal conflicts between the main characters. It was like reading part 1 of a trilogy; I wish he had simply translated more. Nevertheless, if you are new to this story, this is not to be missed--a very good introduction to one of the greatest Chinese stories ever written.
Everyone you meet in China is likely to have read this so you'll have something to talk about if you visit. You'll also see references to it in Chinese life and literature. Beyond that, it's an entertaining and insightful read. As exasperating as Monkey is, you should come to love The Great Sage, Equal of Heaven.
This is a collection of traditional tales from an early China.  It was tongue-in-cheek even then but allows a view into another culture.  And in the end it is a redemptive tale in a Buddhist tradition.
A fun read with fun characters, Monkey and Pigsy being my favorites. Their banter, and Monkey's with pretty much anyone, is priceless.
Very good fairy tale, at first I thought it might be just Monkey's story but this is a translation of Journey to the West
It's a great translation that keep things moving and carries through the humor of the story.  Unfortunately, the printing is low quality.  Issues such as shown in the photo on many pages.
Charming tale in generally, maybe the best version of it, and the Kindle edition is very readable.
good
The copy that Amazon sent was misbound at the printer: pages 119 through 150 appear twice in succession, while pages 151 through 182 are missing. My copy is the 46th printing of the 7th edition (Grove Press). Unless you can confirm in advance that your copy will be a corrected printing, or you are willing to return the book, I recommend getting the book where you can inspect it first. (Note: I'm required to give the book a star rating in order to post this warning. Please discount this rating as an evaluation of the book's content.)
An exciting adventure story fleshed out with religious philosophies and historical references. I've never read the original Chinese version so I can't compare, but this abridged translation is still a standout book.
I read this book at least 4 times in my past. It was one my ex- husband"s favorite books. When I read the story it made me feel very happy inside. He lost the book in his many moves. So I purchased it as a Christmas present and he was delighted to receive it.
item as described
My daughter was assigned this book in her 9th grade Humanities class.  She really enjoyed reading the book and creating her own caricature of what the monkey look like to her.
I picked this book up after a friend told me it was a classic in China and I didn't honestly expect to enjoy it much. But the first half of the book had me totally engrossed. The second half I enjoyed less. It seemed written by a different author, is translated less elegantly. Still, I fully recommend it.
Came brand new with no rips or bends.
First foray into Chinese literature went over very well
Really, this book is a fantastic read. well written, moves fast, very entertaining and a joy to read. So glad I have a copy...this is a keeper.
My daughter had this book for a reading assignment during thanksgiving break and I had to get a copy for myself plus another one to share. Anyone reading Monkey will identify with the main character at some point, if not throughout, the book. Highly recommended.
The book gives an interesting insight into cultir differences
Could not put it down.  Going to get the next edition
The reason I got this is because I was told these stories as boy. It is just as entertaining now as it was then.
Great Quality, Arrived on time. Beautiful stories.
Before buying this book I also considered buying "The Journey to the West, by Anthony C. Yu" which offers the complete version of the story in several volumes. "Monkey " was a very captivating book and I highly recommend reading it. It only seems to end too quickly. Now I am a little sorry I did not choose the complete version.
Great product
As a practicing Buddhist I found it particularly thought provoking and uplifting.  However, in places it could do with some additional editing - shonky translations and just plain errors in spelling and grammar, but not enough to spoil the read.  I do find it a bit presumptuous to be reviewing a classic - it is what it is.
I actually enjoyed this book! (had to read it for class)
Excellent
You can find traces of the eponymous Monkey, or Sun Wukong, in modern-day superheroes and manga protagonists. One of the classical works that has plenty of humor and is just plain fun to read.
This is the kind of book I can read over and over and I don't normally read a book more than once.
Great version of one of the most sourced stories of all time
Great story.
The cover is a beauty, but the inner text is a bit faded.
I used this to introduce myself to Journey to the West since 100 chapters over several volumes seemed somewhat arduous. I greatly enjoyed this, but still feel as though I missed out on something rich by not reading the full novel.
Apparently heaven is very bureaucratic in China, e.g. you can get your passport stamped by the guards if you visit
Monkey is the funniest book I ever read.  And the things "Monkey" does are beyond my wildest expectations.  This book is very well read literature  in Asia.  If I am not in the best mood, this book causes me to laugh for days.  Very thought provoking.
ok
It's a gift for my 15-year-old son.  He liked it, though this is an abridged version, quite a few stories are not in there.
This book is excellent.  It's one of my favorites that I keep coming back to reread every couple of years.  I love the part where monkey bets buddha that he can fly to the edge of existance and flies to what appears to be the 4 pillars that hold up the universe.  He then pee's on one of them and returns to mock buddha.  Buddha smiles, tells monkey that he never even left buddha's palm and holds out his hand for monkey to smell. anyways, This is a great book and I recomend everyone read it!
One of the best stories of all time.
If you're a Harry Potter fan, you'll love the magic. If you're a college student, you'll love the high-spirited freedom and roaming. If you remember the '60s, this book will remind you of a really good double-barrel Orange Sunshine trip, without any of the negatives.
One of the greatest books ever written.
I liked this book a lot. it was a great metaphor and it was also entertaining to read
This is a delightful book, full of side plots and weird characters, strange alliances and stranger heroes, all set in a time and place and culture we Americans know little about.
Fantastic read. I guess its a classic for a good reason.
Awesome Book...Thank You!
A great metaphor for revolutionary minded people. Read this book to the end Great work great jokes Aware of nothi
A OK
Not a book to read for pleasure but an intellectually challenging and historical cultural book.
A Novel: In 1989, China was on the verge of becoming a manufacturing and financial juggernaut. By the year 2026, its economy was in shambles and its government paralyzed. What destroyer has invaded this ancient land?
This review is not about the translation, which is great.  This review concerns the story itself.  As religious allegory, it's kind of interesting.  But the story is so boring and predictable.  Monkey always wins his battles and outwits his enemies, blah blah blah.  The plot is so contrived as to be thoroughly boring.  The story of "the journey to the west" was so famed that I was curious and purchased this, expecting to laugh at monkey's antics.  No laughter here, just snoring.  Do not read this for pleasure, you will regret it.  Only buy this book if you have to read it for class.  I hear that Arthur Waley's translation is an abridged version of the Chinese original.  I can only surmise that the original is 10 times as boring.
Everyone likes the story! However, the printing and binding of this edition is really horrible - cheap paper, small fond of printing, very bad binding. The ink of most of the pages is very light and fuzzy, and the words are just like photo copies from a very old photo copy machine. I bought one copy of "Monkey, A journey to the West, retold by David Kherdian, 208 pages" and ten copies of this book (Monkey, Folk Novel of China, translated by Arthur Waley, 306 pages), planning to pass to my friends' kids for gifts, the former (208-page one) has much better printing and binding and is good for gifts. But this book (the 306-page one) absolutely cannot be used as gifts since it looks way too cheap like those from one-dollar store, and printing/fond is absolutely not appropriate for young readers to protect their eyes.
Prevailing amounts of What? Why did that just happen? I know Asian myths are often told out of order and need to be stitched together and there may be several cases of this would make total sense if you knew the culture of the time yet there are many things that leave me wondering.
I received the book within a few days of placing my order. The book was in great condition . Would definitely recommend if you are trying to get this book right away!
As expected.
There is a sort of give no x attitude in this translation and in other translations which is refreshing. Like the tales tamed by Grimm and sanitized by Disney the Journey to the West has faced similar issues but in this translation wr avoid this for the most part. Murder, intrigue, dragons getting their heads chopped off by dreaming ministers are just a few of the topics faced in this abridged collection. You can definitely see where so much of dragonball and dragonball z looted from this ancient novel a bit clearer in this translation compared to the more 'safe' movies and tv shows made in the West or for the West. Check it out. It is good to know more about where so many stories and themes originates.
There are some caveats to this review. All translations fail to some extent, wordplay and jokes are lost, meaningful phrasing is lost. All abridgments will leave out parts that some people love or feel are indispensable. That being said ... The Grove Press edition of Arthur Waley's translation of   has been on my bookshelf since about 1955. It is not the same physical book. The original fell apart after much re-reading. I have let friends borrow the book and have despaired of having it returned. I have read several other translations and none of them satisfy me. Friends who know, have told me that the Waley translation is the only one that retains the wit and flavor of the original. I believe that. The next best translation, oddly, is a translation from Chinese to Czech, then from Czech to English. There are things that some people may find off-putting about Waley's translation. Those who are finicky about such things may think the deliberate attempt to retain the spirit rather than the exact phrasing to be distasteful. Waley's scholarship was excellent and he could have chosen to write it word-for-word, but he did not. His version is similar to Coleman Bark's translations of Rumi such as  , true to the intent, meaning, and flavor rather than a mechanical replacement of words. The criticism that I would have to agree with is simple, there isn't enough of it! I know that an abridged version is the best that we could hope for (and even so, some of the reviewers here have complained of its length) but I sometimes hope that a cache of unpublished chapters will be discovered. Until then, however, the distinctive white, black, and orange cover of the Grove Press edition of the Arthur Waley translation of Wu Ch'eng-en's Monkey will have a place of honor on my bookshelves.
In the preface to his translation, Waley tells us that the author of MONKEY lived between 1505 and 1585 A.D.  The protagonist of the tales, Tripitaka was a real person, better known to history as Hsuan Tang, who  lived in the seventh century A.D.  There were contemporary accounts of  Hsuan Tang's pilgrimage.  These accounts, along with a cycle of fantastic  legends that began appearing around the tenth century A.D. and the stage  presentations which began in the thirteenth century provided the source  material for Wu Ch'eng-en's wonderful tales. (This is Waley's  spelling.) The first seven chapters are dedicated to telling Monkey's  story up until the time he became Tripitaka's disciple.  Monkey, mostly  through trickery has become more powerful than most of the gods and has  rebelled against them until he is finally overpowered and imprisoned in a  block of stone.  He is freed in order to become the first of the three  disciples. In chapters eight through twelve we are introduced to Hsuan  Tsang (Tripitaka) and learn about the origins of his pilgrimage to India.  The balance of the one hundred chapters are dedicated to the pilgrimage  itself. Early in the pilgrimage, Tripitaka acquires two additional  disciples, Pigsy and Sandy.  Each of the three disciples has been placed in  Tripitaka's path by the gods, and each has unique magical powers.  Without  these powers, and the support and encouragement of these sometimes  reluctant disciples, the pilgrimage would never have been completed, as  there are no end of dangers, evil-doers, and monsters to overcome, and  because Tripitaka is a rather weak and timid pilgrim who needs constant  encouragement. The pilgrimage does end successfully and Tripitaka and  each of his disciples are rewarded in heaven as follows: Tripitaka  becomes the "Buddha of Special Merit." Monkey becomes the  "Buddha Victorious in Strife." Pigsy becomes "Cleanser of  the Altar." and Sandy becomes the "Golden Bodied  Arhat." As is befitting for a book about a spiritual, though  physically challenging, adventure the author ends by dedicating these  hundred chapters to "the glory of Buddha's pure land." We are  told that these tales are for the entertainment of children and adults  alike.  While I agree that this is true of the content of the tales, it is  my opinion that reading this translation would be difficult for young  children. There are translations available that are written in more child  friendly language.  For any reader of mythology, MONKEY should be a welcome  addition to your reading list.
This is the full audio version of Arthur Waley's book "Monkey", itself an abridgement of "Journey to the West". Enjoy one of the pillars of Chinese culture, the story that permeates the fabric of Chinese, Japanese, Korean, and Vietnamese film, literature, and manga, from "Monkey Monkey" to Dragonball, as rendered by a brilliant Sinologist, while stuck in your car. Kenneth Williams, the voice actor, wasn't ever given a Wade-Giles pronunciation chart, and so butchers Xuanzang's name, but luckily Waley renders it as "Tripitaka" for most of the novel, which Williams can't get wrong. Williams has a thick Received Pronunciation accent (that's the Queen's English for you non-Brits) which many will find hilarious, and which some will find unbearable. The story itself is quite funny in many places, even if it does drag (and if you think Waley's abridgement is long, wait till you see Anthony Yu's four volume complete English translation). It was written down some 400 years ago, and was a popular and widespread folk tale for at least 400 years before then, so don't expect the pacing of a 21st century novel. Monkey masters Daoist magic and after making a name for himself on earth, gets invited to Heaven, where they can keep an eye on him. He makes a mess of things there, then flees back to earth, and fights off the Heavenly Court's greatest warriors trying to take him back for punishment. After another stint in Heaven, he runs amok and, crime of crimes, eats the Jade Emperor's favorite peaches. Oh boy. For wreaking havoc in Heaven, the Buddha himself finally throws Monkey down to earth, puts a mountain on top of him, and tells him to think about what he's done. Five hundred years later, the Buddha takes pity on the barbarians living in China and directs Guanyin, the goddess of mercy, to order a holy man from China to travel to India to get authentic Buddhist scriptures. She picks Xuanzang of course. The merciful goddess offers Monkey absolution and enlightenment if he lays aside his vile Daosit magicks, takes up the one true path of Buddhism, and serves Xuanzang on his journey to the west. Monkey has "help" from a pleasure-seeking pig, a quiet water spirit, and a dragon prince who transforms into a horse, all of whom are to be Xuanzang's disciples. Let's just say that priests will do what priests will do, and between naughty shenanigans, mighty battles, and a coup d'etat, the scriptures are fetched from India and conveyed back to China, this time by a magic cloud, before the whole party is taken back to Buddha's Shangri-la to live forever, rescued from the wheel of karma and reincarnation. (Also available as an MP3 CD:  . This review is from my review there.)
Unlike most people, I didn't come to this book through the TV series - I have heard of it, but I've never seen it (although I do intend to try to find it now...). This translation covers only sections of the Monkey/Journey to the West saga, but what there is of it conveys well the flavour of the tale without outstaying its welcome. The plot, such as it is, revolves around the priest Tripitaka and his disciples (including Monkey), who have been charged to journey to the West and return with Buddhist scriptures for the enlightenment of China. The story can, at times, be distinctly difficult to get your head around; superficially at least, it's little more than a succession of episodes involving bizarre monsters being defeated with elaborate magical powers. There is, however, plenty of humour - generally farcical in nature, although occasionally quite dry - and the bickering of the main characters is frequently entertaining. The bureaucratic nature of heaven, in which spirits and deities are assigned strictly hierarchical posts - with salaries! - is amusing regardless of how much you know of Chinese history and society. However, many of the Buddhist and Taoist elements may be confusing to readers unfamiliar with the basic concepts. Some of the episodes rely quite heavily on outcomes grounded in, say, the workings of karma or the achievement of enlightenment - although most do conclude with Monkey and friends beating up the monsters in question, frequently with the spiritual aid of Kuan-yin and other divinities. But I do suspect that there are allusions and layers I'm missing... To paraphrase the end-of-chapter refrain, if you want to know whether Monkey and his companions succeed on their quest, you'll have to read the book!
Waley's abridged translation of the popular Chinese classic Journey to the West is an approachable version for the initiate but I strongly recommend W. J. F. Jenner's excellent full and unabridged translation, also available from Amazon. Waley's abridged version concentrates mainly on the beginnings of the pilgrimage (e.g. Monkey's origins, his bid to overthrow Heaven, his subsequent imprisonment, his rescue by the holy pilgrim from Tang, and the conversion of the other disciples) and only a couple of the adventures along the road to Buddha's Western Paradise. Jenner's translation, spread over four volumes, covers all these and much more - a total of 81 adventures and misadventures spread over 100 chapters. If you like Waley's translation, go on and get Jenner's fuller version. Monkey is China's version of the universal trickster-hero. Jenner captures all of Wu Cheng En's sly humour, and you cannot help but laugh out loud when you read his translation.
The book itself is pretty good. I don't know if the translation is accurate or not, but it was an enjoyable listen, except for one little thing. The person (Kenneth Williams) reading the book had a pretty thick accent. He also is very expressive with his reading. It took a while to get used to the reading of the book.
I was expecting a mildly amusing but somewhat slow-going novel when I picked up Monkey for my class in Chinese Literature. But I could not put it down and finished the whole of it in two sittings! This book is as much of  a page turner as any modern novel, using everything from cunning plot turns  to end-of-chapter guises ("And if you don't know what became of them,  you must listen to what is told in the next chapter.") to absolutely  hilarious anecdotes. (I laughed aloud at the "Taoist Holy Water"  episode!) An amazingly well-crafted novel with a very very fluid  translation that makes it an absolute delight to read. Again: I could not  put this book down! The fight scenes were also spectacular...[still  panting, having just finished the book]...you must read this book! =)
The story of a monkey, with a priest In this book, nothing as it seems. On the road from China, to Gondaro Will they make it, Nobody knows. This book titled 'Monkey' is the same Monkey many of us know (And most definetly should love) from the television series also called 'Monkey'.  They were both taken from writings penned by Wu Ch'eng-en, who lived between 1505 - 1580.  This translation is absolute joy to read. It is the story of a noble Chinese priest on a journey to find the scriptures of India for his God, Buddhu.  On his travels he encounters three part-men part-animal part-naughty-and-therefore-punished creatures who journey with him in his misadventures, in return for going to heaven. It combines in its reading beauty with absurdity, profundity with nonsense, Folk-lore, allegory, religion, history, satire, and poetry.  You will never read anything like this ever again in your life.  SO GO AND BUY IT NOW!!
A blurb from The Nation describes the book as a "combination of picaresque novel, fairly tale, fabliau, Mickey Mouse, Davy Crocket, and Pilgrim's Progress."  I would add to that list The Divine Comedy, The Odyssey, Huckleberry Finn, 1001 Arabian Nights and modern political satire.  But despite the seemingly esoteric description, it is a light, breezy novel.  The reader doesn't need to know who Lao Tzu is to laugh when he pinches Monkey and tells him "Be off with you, be off with you, and don't let me find you hanging round here [heaven] anymore."  The reader doesn't need to have a few University years of Chinese fiction or philosophy under the belt before laughing at Monkey stuffing himself with the Jade Emperor's peaches.  Nor, even, does the reader need to be steeped in morality, for, though having early attained immortality and, we all know, on fast track for Buddhahood, Monkey still likes to crack a dragon joke before clobbering one over the head with his cudgel in "a real garlic-pounding blow that will finish him off for good and all." Waley's translation flows lightly, using a vernacular that is simple, easy and inviting, and, at the same time, reminiscent of the sagacity of the veteran Boddhisatvas, many of whom make guest appearances.  It is a beautiful, wild, fun story centered around a stone-born ape, aka Monkey, aka "Aware of Vacuity," who tromps the world over in search of mischief, power, peaches, sacred texts and enlightenment.  Strikingly similar to 1001 Arabian Nights in both form, wisdom, and content. "I wonder whether a knowledge of the True Scriptures would not cause some improvement in them?  Do you yourself possess those scriptures?'" asked the Bodhisattvas!  `Yes, three baskets of them,' said Buddha," and the journey begins...
When reading Journey to the West or Monkey one would be so engrossed by the tantalizing action, the fairy-tale like settings, and animated characters that one would forget that there are many layers to this book. It is a fairytale as well as a satire and a historical fiction based on the true events of Tan San Zang (Tripitaka in the book). With the outline of Tan San Zang's pilgrimage to India to fetch Buddhist scriptures during the arts and cultural Bronze Age of China, the Tang Dynasty, Journey to the West expands his perilous journey over the Gobi desert, Kyrgyzstan, and other Silk Road routes to India in an ingenious way. As a satire, Monkey unleashes the imagination against the cultural backdrop of China. It plays on the three major religions and ways of thinking of Buddhism, Confucianism, and Taoism and blatantly and playfully laughs at them. Like a good joke, one who pokes fun at oneself- it is not hard to see why Monkey has become a favorite Chinese classic touching every mind, young and old. Other than being a satire, like most fables and fairytales, Journey to the West has imbedded moral values that can be found. The characters are fictionalized, except for Tripitaka, and are governed with checks-and-balances. Tripitaka is not too far-fetched from the original Tan San Zang conducting the same pilgrimage, yet he is portrayed as a feeble monk who often "cries like a woman" but his tenderness can move his disciples. Monkey or Sun Wu Kong is witty and the most powerful of Tripitaka's disciples, yet his downfall is his arrogance. Pigsy, another disciple is slow but he is none-the-less loyal and brave. Sandy, also one of the three disciples is mostly along for the ride but he represents sincerity. Even though a big part of their journey is out of this world, taking place in the heavens, the underworld, or under-the-sea worlds, their lively characters embodying their flaws and assets can be related to by anyone who tried to get along with another person. Lastly, the translation of the book by the famous Arthur Waley preserves the comical essence of the book. Furthermore, the most important sequences of Journey to the West can be found and enjoyed in his translation of Monkey.
Monkey, also known as The Monkey King or The Journey to the West, is one of the four great novels of China--along with The Water Margins, Dream of the Red Mansion, and The Three Kingdoms.  It tells the story, in allegorical form, of Xuan Zang (or Hsuan Tsang), a 7th Century monk who trekked from China to India in search of Buddhist texts, his translations of which were a key to the growth of Buddhism in China.  His real-life travelogue is itself considered to be a great work of literature, but for purposes of the novel he, referred to here as Tripitaka, is given a group of comic companions : the Monkey King, a kind of trickster god, who represents rebelliousness against both heavenly and earthly order;  Pigsy, a marshal of heaven turned into his animal namesake for attacking a fairy maiden, who represents a sort of earthy stolidity; and Sandy, a kind of sea monster, who Waley says represents "whole-heartedness", whatever that means. The book is intermittently amusing, but even in this abridged version is way too long.  Characters' motivations and the meanings of most of the action are awfully obscure.  And like any picaresque, it is almost purely episode driven, without the various episodes necessarily adding up to a coherent and sustained story.  The book is interesting as a cultural relic, but, if no one told you, you wouldn't imagine it to be such an influential text. GRADE : C
are mine exactly. When I read this book for my Chinese literature class this semester I couldn't put it down. Though it is abridged from 100 to 30  chapters, most of what is removed is not as interesting. The best part  about Arthur Waley's translation of "Journey to the West" (he  renamed it "Monkey") is that he is one of the first to play up  the very hilarious humor in the book, though there is of course a quite  serious religious undertone to the whole thing. This is an amazingly funny  story from the Ming Dynasty, which will not disappoint any fan of fantasy,  peculiar humor or spiritual quests. A true classic of Asian literature.
My copy of "Childhood in Contemporary Cultures" (edited by Margaret Mead, published 1955) warns that the Waley translation "includes only thirty out of the one hundred chapters of the original text, and many of the most significant episodes have been omitted." A glance through these reviews and I don't see that anyone has caught the fact that this translation contains barely 1/3 of the original Chinese book. Admittedly it's the only game in town, but this is still significant information.
I first recieved this book as a ninth birthday present from an adult friend who lived in Thailand, and upon reading its first 13 chapters the book quickly became my favourite fairy tale. Monkey's absurd arrogance is funny, but, by the same token, his optimism and self-assurance is infectious. He thinks nothing of travelling from heaven to hell and all points in between (Solving problems along the way by banging a few heads together) or of achieving immortality by stealing peaches. The story of how he got his great weapon (A staff used to hammer the Milky Way flat) by essentially being the worst guest in history to a much put-upon sea dragon, is hillarious. The book, suprisingly for one written 500 years ago in a distant land, contains some of the best-timed slapstick comedy I've ever come across. There is even one moment of true toilet humour that will have you reaching for oxygen, it's so funny. The pace kept up brilliantly; the final scene of the books first act, in which the forces of Heaven attempt to trap the Monkey King, has the air of a Keystone Kops episode by way of JRR Tolkein. However, there are also moments of touching and disturbing drama, as Monkey's personality gradually shifts from mischievious to almost evil, until he is imprisoned beneath a vast mountain and begins the long road to his redemption and eventual enlightement. I haven't even talked about the main plot of this wonderful story, but it is better if you discover it for yourself. Enjoy!
What a wonderful translation of this classic text. Fans of Chineses mythology and the classic Japanese cult TV show will be enthralled by this text. The book appeals to all ages and mental capacities much like an episode of the Simpsons also does. There are many moral messages portrayed and lots of classically funny moments. Read with intense focus of the adventures of the holy fool Tripitaka, the over confident Monkey, the glutful Pigsy and the philosophical Sandy as they travel to India for the scriptures to save mankind. Enjoy!
Translation is a bit old and silly but it has its charms. Worth a read to see if you want to invest in the much longer version.
I have always enjoyed epics.  My current read is The Epic of Gilgamesh (the completion of which is frequently interrupted by returns to the masterpiece you are reading about).  Previous to reading Monkey, Dante's Divine comedy ranked highest on my list.  My interest in the anime and manga story Dragonball (and subsequently, Dragonball Z) turned me onto the Story of Monkey and The Journey to the West. Comedy is the word I would use to describe Monkey, moreso than Dante's work.  The central character's rise to glory is so colorful and intricate, one cannot help but laugh.  The introduction of Kwan-Yin brings a serious aspect to the tale and a more admirable goal, but the focus on Monkey keeps the nature of the journey in check.  Despite the absurdity of the characters Monkey and Pigsy in particular (though not them alone), the story maintains a very epic feel. This version (up until Kwan-Yin's introduction) deals very little with all the Buddhist dogma that permeates the story.  Even afterward, Monkey's mission is at the forefront.  The author has done a fine job making the tale accessible to everyone (being a white, American, Christian with appreciation for Buddhism and Taoism) and has cut much non-essential dialouge. One thing I had to get used to was the structure of the text.  Paragraph breaks are not always used and oftentimes, conversations are not broken up in the traditional "..." he said "..." she said" format.  Oftentimes, many quotes are strung together before you know who is saying what.  The style takes a little getting used to, but this book still gets 5 stars.  BUY THIS BOOK!  You will not regret it.
Monkey's (audiobook) audio is hard to listen to. The transition to digital did not work. Kenneth Williams does a great job narrating, and there's a nifty "echo" effect that adds to the story, but... but... the audio quality makes it very hard to listen to on modern devices.
I'm reading this entertaining book for the sixth time.  I met it over thirty years ago in a college class, and now my own students read it in Literature of the Non-Western World. Enjoy some music that somehow fits the book: Alan Hovhaness's Mountains and Rivers Without End.
One of the best books I've read in all my life. The characters have been  borrowed and turned into many different characters in film and animation,  but to read the original makes all the imitations pale in comparison. Minus  a few chapters, Mr. Waley has achieved the unthinkable: the best western  translation of one of China's best kept secrets. A stone monkey, brought to  life by the powers of heaven and earth and how he was never satisfied until  he got everything he wanted, by any means neccesary. Top notch!
This inspired me to go out and apply for college and start my own journey. The part i found to be the most engaging is the story of sun wukong aka the monkey king, i enjoyed how hard he tried to become equal to the gods and eventually he does. For being such an old tale it still holds up in modern times.
Born from an egg on a mountain top - chak-a-chah Monkey is funky and never stops, He knew every magic trick under the sun, He teased the gods and everyone and had some fun Oiii, you lazy lot ! Go out and buy this book do you see, it's very good! I am the great sage equal of heaven !! You will read about lots of demons and adventures , yeeess. And that Holy fool Tripitaka. I am disrespectful to demons, can you see that I am serious !?!
Heads up: There are several different translations and abridgements of this story, one of the great classics of Chinese literature. Make sure and choose a version that is right for you. The stories are neat but a little repetative. I would definately recommend an abridged version. Still, the adventures are interesting and give an insight into Chinese culture and mythology.
Monkey is the most deliteful journey to enlightenment.  I am it's biggest fan.  I highly encourage anyone and everyone to read it regardless of age or education.  It will teach you most everything you will ever need to know.
My friend likes it. It is good way to learn Eastern Culture.
An easy read written in a simplstic fashion yet remains enthralling.  The religious factor in the book is strong how ever not over whelming. A whitty satire on the beauracracy of the chinese.
Rich, robust, fascinating.
It worked well enough for my paper.
a fine translation with surprisingly few footnotes, but the sheer length and readability make it worth the while
I only rate Monkey 1 star because I could not get into it. So my review is only based on trying to read a few pages. I suppose I was hoping for something like the Judge Dee stories by Robert van Gulik, which have their own lovely, simple style. Maybe someday I can get over the energy barrier and give it another try. But if you're a Judge Dee fan, don't be sure you can get yourself into this story.
boring book
Wow. As a massive fan of the original 'Monkey' TV show which aired in England in the 80's, I had always been interested in reading the even more original book by Wu Ch'en En. This is an excellent level book which you'd never guess is as old as around 500 years. Beautifully translated into English, but a level of English that is easily accessible to just about anyone. It's a beautiful read and very inspiring if you are travelling somewhere but also inspiring even if you're not. Sometimes the chapters are short and sometimes they're long but either way they are never boring. It's carefully written and beautifully thought out and I would recommend it to anyone seeking an inspiring read. It's also not too hard to get through. Took me about 3 days to finish it and I loved every moment.
This is an enjoyable story, but so many things seem 'overviewed' in this abridged translation that it leaves me wishing to read the full translated version (which I know is available, but thought I'd try this version first). Whole periods of the story can pass in as little as a paragraph (or several years pass without mention), and there is no clear timeline. Also, the Chinese translation in to English seems wrong in some parts - either by phonetical spelling oddities, or interpretation of meanings taken literally, instead of understanding a saying or pun. But overall, not bad. I'd say this is a good general overview of a story, but if you want to indulge in to this story, it would be better to seek a full translation - which I plan to do, someday.
Arthur Waley's translation of Wu Ch'eng-en's 'Monkey' is lively, humorous and captures wonderfully vibrant characterisations of a myriad host of characters, chief among them being the eponymous Sage. The storytelling is paced with perfect precision - each chapter feels just long enough, with a tantalising closing line leading into the next... It was unexpectedly delightful, and I found myself laughing from page one onward. For pop culture enthusiasts, the influences of this tale on Masashi Kishimoto's manga 'Naruto' are evident. I am now curious to read more of Arthur Waley's translations, particularly 'The Tale of Genji'.
Truly a wonderful book with humour (albeit rather simplistic) and magic through out. At times the tale itself can ramble, but the hijinks of Monkey, Sandy, Pigsy and Tripitaka keep you hooked. There were a few chapters that to me were nothing more than filler, and could have been cut. Overall though if you have an interest in Asian fiction and light hearted romps through distant kingdoms this is for you!
A must read for anyone interested in reading Chinese classics. I can see this book being made into a movie one day if it hasn't already. What an intelligent man for the 15th century. Long live his brilliant read. I hope more people discover this hidden gem. I don't want to say more than that it is very easy to read and at times you feel that you're in Monkey's life.
I read this after having read the excellent San Guo Yan Yi (The Three Kingdoms/Romance of the Three Kingdoms, which I would highly recommend) and, having known a bit about Chinese culture, language and literature I went into it knowing what to expect and was delighted that it had surpassed my expectations. Most often referred to as Xi You Ji or, Journey to the West, it is difficult to appreciate why the author chose to call it "Monkey". While the character of Monkey does occupy much of the first part of the book and remains the strongest and, I'm guessing, most people's favourite character throughout, he is still only part of the entourage of characters who face the Journey. Still, what's in a title? This book is replete with humour, both obvious and subtle. It would help if you had a certain understanding of Chinese History and culture in your reading of this book to understand the many references contained within. However, even if you don't know a jot about anything to do with China, you will still find this book immensely enjoyable and full of quotable wisdoms. It details first the story of the birth of monkey and his fate and then the birth of "Tripitaka" and then begins the Journey to the West. It might often appear a bit disjointed, leaping around topics. For example, you begin with the story of Monkey, and are then thrown into a (seemingly) completely unrelated topic. But the way Wu Cheng'An has worked all these plots into a coherent story is truly brilliant. Instead of finding it disjointed, I found the the jumps kept the book very exciting. While there are certain parts of the plot which I assume are composed according to the epic style of the time (for example, all the battles take place in rounds, or bouts, and seem to follow a standardised format of engage and retreat/chase), these don't detract anything from the novel to one who is used to epic literature (for example, the battles in the Iliad followed a pattern). In following the path of Tripitaka, Monkey, Pigsy and Sandy you invariably pick your favourite for each has their own individual personalities and stock epithets. Pigsy is fat and glutenous and fights with a rake (!) and perhaps is one of the funniest charicatures in the book. Monkey is a mischief maker, both loveable and naughty with fabulous powers. Sandy... doesn't really do much. Tripitaka is hilarious simply because he is portrayed as the hero of this book but spends most of his time being rescued by his disciples! It truly is riotous. Thus, even if you fail to understand the relationships of the San Jiao (Three teachings of Buddhism, Daoism, Confucianism)or the nature of the bureaucracy (the way heaven mimics earth), you will still find this one of the funniest reads of your life. Enjoy! (The other three classics of Chinese literature are The Three Kingdoms, The Story of the Stone/Dream of the Red Chamber and The Outlaws of the Marsh and I highly recommend all of them)
The basic premise of this novel, in Chinese pinyin "xiyouji" which literally translates to "Journey to the West", sees a group of four set out on an epic journey to recover the Buddhist sutras from India and bring them to China. On the way they encounter various monsters, ghosts and demons trying to stop them. The four represent different sides of human nature, their journey to the "West" (actually India) mirrors the human journey of life and whilst Heaven is awash with bureaucracy, the Earth is littered with challenges and obstacles. The Monkey King is perhaps the most famous character of all, bold, proud, brave and cunning, equipped with a magical staff, the ability to transform himself into over 70 different shapes and a whole host of magical powers. Tripitaka is the monk, humble, kind and naive, the epitome of the Buddhist devotee, but not averse to reciting a curse that can keep Monkey under control. Pigsy is the third main character, representing greed, sloth and lust, usually to be found eating, sleeping or chatting up the ladies. Sandy is the fourth, but pretty non-descript member of the group. The story is humorous and satirical. It contains a lot of references to Chinese history and elements of Buddhism and Taoism (Daoism) which can be a bit confusing if you have no previous knowledge. Arthur Waley's translation is only a fraction of the original tome however, and those looking for a genuine translation of equal depth to the original should look elsewhere. Think of this as a distillation of some of the best bits. Perhaps you need to live in China to realise just how important this novel is, not just as a piece of historical writing, but also in the Chinese contemporary imagination. If you're interested in China and Chinese cultural mythology, you should definitely put this on your reading list!
I watched Monkey as a kid My parents taught me about Buddha and the stories of Monkey and just when I thought I had forgotten it all I stumbled across this book. I love it so much I keep buying copies for friends. The chapters are very short and detailed with detail from all of Sun Wu'Kong's (Monkey King, Great Sage of Heaven) adventures, how did he get to possess the staff? Why does he wear a head band that hurts his head? Did they get the Buddhist scriptures from India? Who was Pigsy and Sandy? It actually goes hand in hand with the old TV show really well funnily but is so beautifully translated. I adore this book and take a copy everywhere I go
Good quality binding and cover. This story is vastly underrated. Monkey is a mix of adventure and morality that blends together in an early quest tale that is unlike those found in the West. Although I knew the ending and characters beforehand, I had no idea of the variety of adventures they undertake. Well worth a read.
Those of a certain age in the UK will remember the Japanese TV series of a Chinese folk tale, well this is the book where it all began. This is the story of a Monk tasked to collect holy scriptures from the India and bring them back to China. On his travels is his accompanied by Monkey, a mischievous, impatient immortal Monkey King who was punished for causing trouble in Heaven and, after 500 years being stuck under a mountain, agrees to protect the priest to atone. Also travelling with the priest in hope of atonement are Pigsy, cast down from Heaven in to the form of a pig demon and Sandy, also cast down from Heaven into demon form. The English translation leaves a lot of the story out, only 30 chapters versus the original 100, but still manages to tell a good story. However I would recommend buying the physical book. The Kindle copy contains a number of OCR errors, where the publisher has attempted to convert the physical book to an ebook. Even with the latest updated version you will see the odd 2 or £ in place of z, 1 in place of ! etc. It is a shame as with just a little bit of effort this could be fixed.
I love the story & added a little more understanding about Chinese culture...........cheers Michael
A charming story to read. Monkey is a very likeable and witty character and this text is easy to read in modern English.
Bought this because I am a fan of the old TV series. Was pleasantly surprised to find that the humour and silliness were not fabricated by TV producers, but actually exist in the original text. As a translation of a sixteenth century text, you'd probably expect the storytelling to be a little dry, but I now see how it fit so neatly into a TV format. I've read this to my son as a bed-time story, over many nights, and he loved it. It's a real magical story that does not age. Love it.
Remembering the great tv show from my childhood, I decided to buy this and was pleasantly surprised to find the book so much better still. Arthur Waley's translation renders it exceedingly accessible to a worldwide audience. A timeless classic.
I bought this as it is what the TV series Monkey was based on. It was brilliant from start to finish as the TV show practically copied this ancient story word for word. Crucial reading for any Monkey fans.
Highly recommend if interested in oriental literature. Simple and easy to read, very enjoyable. Amusing characters and plots will keep you hooked.
interesting, fun, informative
Journey To The West, the tale filmed as Monkey, is as iconic to many British schoolchildren (thanks to the dubbed TV version) as the original text is to the Chinese. What's interesting is how closely the TV stuck to the book! One of the great reads. A joy.
I do not tire of reading this. I suffer from complex post traumatic stress disorder and this is of great benefit to me personally on some of the darker days . I highly recommend it to anyone.
5 stars great page turner. Each adventure gets better each time. Monkey is my favorite character who just keeps evolving.
I had heard of this book way back in 1960's  I saw the TV version 'Journey to the West' now reading the book and am almost completed it. Any one interested in myths and legends of China this will teach you a lot I shall read it many times
its the only book I have read twice.
Very interesting and readable book - recommended,
Great read. Great condition
I bought this book after running a web search for the TV programme 'Monkey' and thus discovering that the series was based on an ancient Chinese story. This abridged telling of the story is obviously well  translated - the English is very rich and - where some differences in  language could not be literally resolved (like when Chinese wordplay were  rendered irrelevant) there were useful footnotes.  Waley has gone against  the convention for previous translations of the Monkey story; he has  rendered a small section of the saga in its entirety rather than covering  the entire story in a much abridged form. I found the story fairly dense,  it is very stylised and so fans of Chinese history and culture will love  it.  I was surprised by how malevolent the Monkey character was and by how  antagonistic the relationships between him and the other main characters  were. For those fellow fans of the TV programme, roughly half of the book  comprises the story of Monkey before the TV show - i.e. the story of how he  rose from a simple monkey to become an Immortal and a Monkey King.  The  rest of the book describes the quest of Monkey, Sandy, Pigsy and Tripitaka  to retrieve scripture scrolls from the Buddhas of India.  This part of the  book was most like the TV show - a series of sub-quests or episodes with  the team of characters resolving sub-plots (like ridding a village of some  evil ogres who plague and bully them) but I found they became slightly  repetitive and hard to follow (due to the plethora of Dragon-Kings,  heavenly locations and minor deities, and the inconsistent wielding of  magical powers which made me think, "well if you have THAT magic  power, why didn't you employ it in the last chapter when it could have  easily got you out of that tight squeeze?"). The story is full of  allegory and subtle humour and satire - but I suspect it was slightly too  highbrow and subtle and buried in the Chinese imagery and language for me  to appreciate fully.  If you liked the TV series then the familiar names  have some nostalgia value but the book is slightly hard work - and the team  of characters not the jovial tight-knit bunch I remember; indeed there  exists between the main characters throughout the book a sense of mutual  dislike which gave the book, I feel, an uneasy and uncomfortable  atmosphere.
Great product loved it!
Fascinating tale I just couldn't put down!
And excellent translation of this classic.
The book is wonderful.
A decent presentation of the tales of Monkey and his friends. Great read.
Very entertaining read
Excellent quality dispatched instantly a wonderful book
Excellent. Thank you. Beautiful book.
Classic Chinese fictional literature.
Monkey magic is awesome
Worth reading though heavy going at times.
I've not read anything quite like this before. Comic, irreverent, alien, odd, yet easy to read and elegant in a timeless way.
A fantastic read, full of adventure, humour and a great taste of Chinese culture!
yes
A classic from my childhood. Now I can find out how it ends.
great beginning but it gets boring as the monk turns out to be such a crying baby
Ich bin endlich durch und habe wegen Monkeys Frechheiten gegen Autoritätspersonen mehrmals kurz auflachen oder schmunzeln müssen. Es liest sich wie eine Satire an Heldenlegenden und ich glaube, das ist auch beabsichtigt. Ein wichtigtuerischer, kleiner Affe der sich gleich selbst als König krönt und das große himmlische Reich an der Nase herumführt. Er bestiehlt, beleidigt und verkloppt jeden, der ihm krumm kommt und wo er ein Ziel wittert, ist er mit Eifer bei der Sache es zu erreichen. Monkey ist ein Anti-Held und seine Geschichte bis heute eine der bekanntesten Legenden aus Asien. Wer DragonBall kennt, wird merken, warum der Anime von diesem Buch inspiriert wurde. Das Buch ist in Englisch, aber tatsächlich sehr einfach zu lesen und zu verstehen auch für nicht-Muttersprachler. Ich empfehle trotzdem ein minimum von B2, sonst schlägt man jedes zweite Wort nach.
I read this in practically no time at all. If you're nervous about reading the unabridged Journey to the West and just want to see if you can get into Monkey, this is the book for you.
Es passiert ständig etwas in dieser Geschichte, denn die namengebende Hauptfigur ist mit gewaltigen magischen Kräften ausgestattet. Ungeheuer und Zauberer werden reihenweise überwältigt und wenn es eng wird, kommt noch eine weibliche Gottheit zur Hilfe. Alle zeigen aber auch humorvoll beschriebene menschliche Züge.  Kein mythologische Tiefsinn aber viel Spaß.
this adaptation was a funny wild ride. I love fantasy, folk tales and adventure so this was a good pick and one of the best class readings I ever had. I suggest reading up on classical Chinese philosophies/religions, adds an extra level of amusement, understanding and appreciation for this novel.
Me ha costado encontrar esta edición, es la buena.
A must read for anyone wanting to get a better grip and insights on the Chinese/Japanese culture. This story has been a source of inspiration to many different other books, mangas and others. Why only 4 stars? With a very interesting beginning, the story loses a little interest after Monkey is imprisoned and becomes a disciple. It becomes slow and feels like there won't be anything new happening.
Though the language has been polished for English readers, the humor and the intent of the chapters aren't lost... A great read for inquisitive spiritual readers.
Got an older bit damaged  copy, different cover same publisher, seems like an older edition. Papers all old
New book. Paperback. In a good condition as expected. A cheaper and better bargain than some other hardcover options.
Nice translation
An entertaining read. I enjoyed it thoroughly.
Great Read!
All lovers of the 80s children's TV programme should read this. It is great fun but is sadly spoiled by some of the worst formatting I've ever seen. Come on Penguin Classics. We expect more from you.
Bought for my son, he thought it was great!
A fine Classic, 10/10.
very good translation, glad I received it.
got bored halfway because Monkey is basically a little s***
At the time I write this, I still haven't read it. Still, this classic novel is in my to read list for quite some time and I have high expectations for it.
i started to read this book as it was my book club choice - gave up half way through - but loved the last line of each chapter
most unusual don't know what to think
These stories were well written and provide an insight into a religion unknown to many.  There were adventures and trials, sorrow and repentance, and a task accomplished.  Reading these stories helps all understand the benefits of a life worth living in a honest and righteous way. Many can benefit from a righteous life!
Well written. Well translated. This book is a must! The monkey kings stories show you some insight on everyday battles that we all face. Maybe not in the form of a monkey or demons flying around. But to take a step back and rethink how you would normally do things.
Awesome story! An irrepressible monkey character, seeking immortality and defying the very mandate of heaven, defying the gods themselves! A legend of freedom and bravery for the ages!
Received as described and quickly but I should have done more research because this is not my cup of tea.
Absolutely brand new condition! I am very happy with this purchase!
For those who enjoy mythology and fantastic tales this book is for you. Plenty of fights and battles between supernatural warriors. However the story revolves around the Monkey's personal journey, first to gain the knowledge to become powerful and inmortal, then his naughty adventures as an inmortal disrupting heaven, earth and hell and finally to redeem himself by helping Monk Xuanzang from China get the Buddhist sacred scriptures from the remote West (India).  This book is like a Kung Fu flick from the Tang dinasty and it's a delightful first step to study the chinese literary tradition.
How fortunate for Hsuan-tsang, the priest traveling to the West to secure authentic Buddhist scriptures from India to carry back to China, that he encountered Monkey, and Pigsy, and Sandy, who helped him and guarded him throughout his arduous journey. Read and enjoy this enchanting and celebrated folk tale from China.
splendid insight into the stories that form part of the Asian character today.
I have an interest in learning the Chinese culture, and this was recommended to me by a Chinese student who told me that most Chinese students have read this book!
Excellent!
This dude thanslates funny
This is a well known story I have been familiar with since childhood. I evaluate it based on the accuracy against what I already know.
I bought this book for a World Lit class, and while it was an okay read, it wasn't my favourite. Still somewhat interesting, though, just not my taste.
No illustrations and I returned it.
great sink..love it
I LOVE SUN WUKONG GREAT STORY!
The book is a nice summary of the rise and fall of the monkey king. IT is great for all those, who cannot be bothered reading the big novels. But, I have to admit, I found it very short. There were time when I was wondering, why has this been shortened, and why has this event been excluded altogether? However, for a summary book, this version is very good. I enjoyed the funny side of Wukong very much, the terribleness of the Pig  and the seriousness of the Master. Something that was really great was to read about their loyalty to each other. The translations were really great, but at times there were a few typos. However, the storytelling is great, I read through the book in two days. It made me want to continue reading, to see how each quest ended. I can truly recommend this book to anyone who is somewhat interested in the story of the Xuanzang's journey to the west. It has everything a good book needs, humour, seriousness, action and a deeper meaning. :-)
Very good book but the first three hundred pages are very boring but when they meet wan sang it gets like better and also it keeps on repeating the same plot and monkey kills the demons like.
Wonderful book and subject matter but I prefer the penguin classic translation.
A classic which everyone should read
Great condition, very have with my purchase
Nice book
Yet, as a story, you cover the whole journey and you get to discover all the characters. If you want a first contact with Chinese culture in terms of literature, go for this one. The "full" version is almost 1000 pages bigger. Read both, I prefer this one.
Etwas sperrig trotz schon erfolgter Kürzungen der Originalgeschichte. Viele Kampfesschilderungen, die mich persönlich eher langweilen, aber dies ist nunmal ein Teil der Geschichte und der Übersetzer hat sie schon gekürzt. Darüber bleibt die Botschaft, dass wir die einzelnen Protagonisten, allen voran den Affen allegorisch in uns haben und die beschriebenen Kämpfe sinnbildlich in uns selber statt finden, manchmal schwer zu greifen. TRotzdem eine gute Möglichkeit, sich dieser in China jedem Kind bekannten Geschichte anzunähern und sie kennen zu lernen.
wonderful book reading
Good!
Reading
Indispensable pour connaître un des contes Chinois les plus populaires à travers la planète! Bien documenté et très intéressant pour bien comprendre le sens.
would surely recommend,if you don't want today's news this is enough...Une colombe calcifiée. Lac Natron, 2012. En raison de sa composition, le lac Natron au nord de la Tanzanie pétrifie les animaux qui le touchent.
Great book
Fantastic
Wu Cheng’en’s sixteenth-century novel “Journey to the West” tells the story of the pilgrimage of Buddhist monk Xuanzang to the “Western Regions” of Central Asia and India in order to obtain Buddhist sūtras and return them to China between 626 and 645 CE. Xuanzang wrote his own account in 646, “Great Tang Records on the Western Regions,” which formed the outline of Wu’s novel. The novel is a humorous adventure that satires Chinese bureaucracy while also telling an allegory of enlightenment. Many in the Euro-American world know elements of the story from Arthur Waley’s 1942 abridged translation, “Monkey: A Folk-Tale of China,” while some elements of the story inspired Akira Toriyama’s “Dragon Ball.” Along with Luo Guanzhong’s fourteenth-century novel “Romance of the Three Kingdoms,” Shi Nai’an’s fourteenth-century novel “Water Margin,” and Cao Xueqin’s eighteenth-century novel “Dream of the Red Chamber,” this novel is one of the Four Classic Novels of Chinese literature. This edition presents the complete novel in four volumes, translated by William John Francis Jenner, a noted sinologist who completed this translation while working for Foreign Languages Press between 1963-1965. It features Qing Dynasty illustrations to supplement the text.
This book is a classic, and doesn't really need much explanation. With that said, there was a particular choice made in translation that I found immensely irritating - U.S. Standard units were used, and just substituted in for Chinese units. Li became miles, span became foot, so on and so forth. The other Chinese Classics don't do this, and it was disappointing to see here. There were also some odd translations within the descriptions, such as describing instances where monsters were pounded into pulp as "like hamburger". These are minor flaws, but they still grate.
An excellent translation, complete. Very complete. The full tale is very long, so most editions are abridged. It is not easy reading for westerners, it's an ancient Daoist Chinese tale with absolutely no quarter given to modern western minds. However, it is definitely worth the effort. This is not considered a classic for nothing. For those not familiar with the story, it is a mythological recounting of the adventures of an actual Chinese monk who travelled to India through countless perils. Probably the closest in Anglo-Saxon tradition is Beowulf, which recounts Scandanavian history in the same way. Journey to the West isn't simply high adventure, though. Each of the adventures explores specific issues and the Chinese Daoist interpretation. It is thus intended as educational. As a guide to thoughts strange and alien to western minds, it is second to none. Teaching stories exist in many ancient cultures, but none are as comprehensive.
My daughter was thrilled with book collection and has been avidly reading it since we got it for her at the start of the summer break. I haven't read it myself, but I will relate that it speaks to her 13-year old sensibilities and she has been enjoying them. Perhaps at some point I will have the time to read the set and see what the fuss is about. ~ Kort
This is a four volume translation of the great Chinese epic. It is published by the Foreign Languages Press in Beijing. I suspect this a government organization. I do not read Chinese, so I cannot say anything about the translation. But I like this version. It is poetic and appears to be complete--it is over 2500 pages long. This is a pure translation, each of the four volumes has about three notes at the end. There are other translations that explain everything. Those explanations are not essential to enjoying the story. I recommend this version if you just want to read a great story.
First of all, this is one of the four greatest classics of China, which already merits your attention. To be more specific - this is an epic full of the most diverse adventures, in the style of the glorious Ancient-Greek  Iliad, Odyssey and the Tasks of Hercules. However, strangely enough, this can also be a written description of a computer game, full of battles against ferocious dragons, monsters and corrupted leaders - religious or civil - passing from level to level, till the happy end. The heroes also carry all kinds of special weapons and possess supernatural powers - belonging to a culture that has probably inspired also those very computer games. These heroes' purpose is double - fighting against evil creatures, and refining their own selves in order to reach heavenly immortality. They are three,- symbolizing the three parts of each body. The witty Monkey represents the intelligent resourceful brain. The pious monk Sanzang is the compassionate heart, and Pig - the village-fool - is the greedy stomach, providing the many humorous episodes. In short - never a dull moment. By the way, the Monkey also becomes a monk, and the unintentional pun Monkey-monk provides us with hilarious instants... The first chapters describe how Monkey was born from the primordial union between Heaven and Earth from a stone-egg, and how he defied the heavenly rulers, wrecking havoc in their lofty palaces, ruining their peach-feast, stealing the pills of immortality, winning by ruse a wondrous weapon, subduing ferocious dragons as well as many troops of heavenly soldiers, being cooked in a furnace just to win all-seeing golden pupils, erasing his name from the records of the underworld, thus making himself immortal - and more such brave and indeed incredible feats - only to be subdued, finally, by the great Buddha himself. His only way to release himself from his eternal imprisonment is - to help the pious monk Sanzang, whose life-story is most touching, make the 36,000-miles-journey to the west to fetch the scriptures for the impious easterners. On the way they're surprised by seemingly impossible tasks, such as crossing huge seas or lofty ridges, and in addition they meet all kinds of unimaginable powerful fiends, which they must fight according to the different circumstances. Each battle is described in a short free poem, just as the breathtaking views of the mountains, brooks, rivers, storms, flowers and birds are described lyrically. Each of the many adventures - about 60, at least - is self-contained, and so, even if the reading stretches over several months - nothing's lost. The reading is easy and pleasant, and mostly - encouraging - since each battle symbolizes our own daily hardships, and so each victory is ours too!!.. Since the book concentrates mostly on the versatile ever-lasting fight between Good and Evil, with very little romance, for example, it could be read by any child, just like fairy-stories. And so, whoever is looking for a present for a youngster, even 10 years old, or whoever is willing to teach a computer-addicted boy or a teenager to dedicate some time to simple reading - this is the book for the task!! Plus, whoever is willing to enjoy a long journey from China to India, with everything it has to offer - sceneries, people, trades, spirituality, vices, different habits of many countries - at least twelve are mentioned - and also visit many levels of heaven and even the underworld on the way - and get out of it intact - all this without leaving the comfortable home and even bed - especially during long cold nights - just step out and invest in buying this book - it's simply indispensable!!!  A personal confession - I happened to be born in the Year of the Monkey according to the Chinese astrology, and on the day of the Monkey according to the Mexican astrology - so I'm a double Monkey, and I'd detested it!!! Till I've completed the reading of this book. Now I can be proud of myself, just for having such a representative in one of the most fascinating specimens of the world literature - the most charming Monkey you'll ever meet!!! :-)
I am so happy I bought this edition of the series! It arrived on time in great condition. I have been wanting to read this book and am very happy with this particular translation. It is written is a poetic yet easily understandable way. The 4 books are bound in a nice cover. A couple previous customers commented about the thinness of the paper. For me this was a good thing. I was concerned that 4 600-page books were not going to fit on the shelf, but due to how thin the books are made I do not have this problem! This is a delightful read and a great edition! Highly recommended.
I bought this some time ago and finally got around to reading it.  The language is great if flowery, but part way through I discovered several blank pages.  The one sent to me is the 11th printing of 2011.  I bought it over a year ago so don't think there's any return policy.  If anyone buys this, check it upon receipt for blank pages.  Mine start at page 314 of volume one.  I can follow the story across the blank pages, but it is annoying.  But other than that I love the language used in this translation.
The set is great, except when I got to Volume 4, i found it was the wrong book!  The sleeve was correct, but the book was Strange Tales from the LiaoZhai Studio IV not Journey to the West IV.  I would like to replace this even though it is past the return date
5 stars for the translation.  4 stars for the physical book quality. Since other people have expounded on the plot, here is a review based on the physical book. The actual paperback novels are approximately 7" x 4.25," so easy to hold in your hand and tuck into a briefcase.  The pages are a bit thin, not "Bible" thin, but they are a bit thinner than most paperback books.  One of my volumes didn't hold up well to sitting in a steam-filled bathroom. There are occasional pictures and sparse endnotes, but they do not detract from the story at all.  The pictures were drawn during the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911) and are done in the old chinese style, not some new-fangled doodles. Some of the translation is a bit iffy, and sentences do not necessarily always make sense, but you'll understand it contextually.  Some of the wording is extremely quaint, such as Pig complaining that the demons failed to drink "acuppa" with them.  There is much more painfully British vernacular, but it just adds to the goofy charm of this book.  Don't bother wringing your hands over the never-ending list of characters.  Skim over them and read on.  After all, there are an awful lot of demons and gods to meet on the journey, and quite a few of them are fated to die via Monkey's cudgel, making their characters irrelevant in the long-run.  One thing I noticed is that there is an awful lot of scatological farce for a book written in the Ming dynasty (don't worry, it's still hilarious). I've read a couple translations of Monkey King, and while they'll all stay in my personal library, this is the one I anticipate picking up again and again.  I loved this book as a child and ten years later, I still do.  A must-read for fans of mythology or Chinese literature in general.
This is an excellent translation of the entire JTTW.  Sure, the paper is paper-thin and cheap, but if you hold it up to the light you can read both sides at once, saving time.  Stop whining- for short money you are getting almost 2400 pages of the finest mythology, religion, spirituality, allegory, folktale, humor, and monkey butt-kicking awesomeness.  My favorite book in the world, bar none (and I can only read it in translation, alas!).  It might not be for everyone, but I've already read this book twice and it was sublime.
The book is very good , it's a fun novel (for 500 year old novel) ... Also keep in mind that this are 4 books, each one of about 500 pages ... The book quality is what you would expect for the price , not terrible, but definitely not prime material ... I would recommend get this if you wanna read the novel and that's it .. if you want a book you can keep and collect , probably go for a expensive one ... Me... I liked this one just fine
It's a great collection to have whether you're familiar with the story or not.  However, the written style is a little hard to read and the translation of names is a bit too literal that its almost comical and confusing.  Nonetheless, It's a great set to own.
This is the most complete and faithful translation of Journey to the West I have yet found. It is the third version of the story I've read, and unlike those other versions ("Adventures of Monkey King"/ISBN 0962076511 and "Monkey : A Journey to the West [ABRIDGED]"/ISBN 1570625816), it contains the complete and unabridged story, preserving very faitflly both the style and content of the original story. This extreme faithfulness is both a strength and a weakness. It's a strength in that you get a real feeling for the scope of the original work, and you get to hear all the interesting little back-stories and side-stories that make Journey to the West one of the great works of Chinese literaure. It's a weakness because these stories often seem completely irrelevant, and may be quite confusing to someone who is not familiar with Chinese culture and religion. For example, every time something happens in Heaven, Hell or in the palace of the Tang Emperor, the book includes a complete list of everyone who attended. In Heaven, at least, many of the names are descriptive (names of stars, constellations, etc.) and are therefore translated. In the Tang Emperor's palace, though, you'll get a list of 10 or 20 names in Chinese, and only some of the names ever get stories attached to them in the book (and I challenge any non-Chinese speaker to remember the names when they do show up again). There's also a lot of poetry, and though the translations are good, translated poetry can never equal the original. In one sequence, a fisherman and a woodsman argue in verse for 10 or more pages of very small type, frequently singing songs set to tunes few non-Chinese would recognize by name. These characters are important only in that the end of their conversation sets up a conflict, so the only purpose of the sequence is to provide a chance to read the poetry. It's good poetry, to be sure, but it really can drag a bit. You can't just automatically skip over all the poems, as you might do with Tolkien, either. Elements of the story are often told in verse. You can usually skim if you're not interested in a particular bit of verse, but don't skip it entirely. The structure of the work is also surprisingly complex at times, especially given its age. It will at times veer far from the main thrust of the story to recount the entire life history of a character, and has many side stories that somehow tie back into the main plot several chapters later. You may at times find yourself wondering just why the author chose to include a particular bit of story, but there's almost always a payoff waiting somewhere down the line. Another problem is that the style of the storytelling is not very concise. If someone in the story needs to recount what has happened to them, you'll get a second, (fortunately much abridged) version of an earlier portion of the story, written as dialog, this time. You could make similar sorts of complaints about many of the early great works of English fiction, or probably just about any other country's older fiction, so this is not really a strong criticism given the work's great age, but I often found myself wishing the author (or the translator) had just written, "he told them what had happened" and left it at that. There were also many quirks of the translation that bothered me. The word "memorial" was used throughout instead of "memorandum". It took me quite a while to figure out that was what was going on. I read all of the abridged translation that also made the same mistake throughout, but still didn't figure it out until I was several chapters into this one. Will all these complaints, you're probably wondering why I gave the book 4 stars. The fact is, for all its faults and quirks, "Journey to the West" is still one of the greatest works of fiction ever written. The Monkey King is without a doubt my favorite character in any work I have ever read or watched. The story of his journey is a brilliant parable on the jouney to enlightenment, while at the same time a story of great humor and exciting action. It also provides fascinating insight into the history and traditional culture of China. If you want to get the whole story and can't read Chinese, this edition is your absolute best bet. (Indeed, it's pretty much your only bet.) Some of the other translations may be a faster read, but none are as satisfying.
When I was younger, I saw first on TV and then later at a Kiddies Mattinee a movie "Alakazam, the Great".  If fascinated me, and as I studied more and more mythology, I realized that it must have come from a mythic source, and I tried to find that source for over 30 years.  Last Spring I found out it was part of this book by watching a made for TV movies, called "The Monkey King".  Here was the story I had been searching to find in this movie named and that is when I began to look for this book. True this book has pages that are so thin that they are like tissue, but they have beautiful illustrations and in these illustrations are the characters of Alakazam, though he is only known as Monkey here in this Chinese Buddhist tale of pilgamage, and the adventures along the way. I am used to Western Mythology, Classical, Norse, and Celtic so this was a journey that had new meaning for me.  And like the characters of this journey, it is a journey into a new and as yet source of spirituality that has much influence in the world.
I've been a long time reading this 2300-page classic Chinese "novel."  The quotes are there because, if you read it as a novel, you'll grow tired of the repetitive elements in the large body of the story.  Think of it more as a comprehensive compendium of folklore tales centering around the central character, Monkey.  The seed of the story was the actual journey of a Tang dynasty Buddhist priest from China to India and back.  This journey caught the Chinese imagination and somehow became embellished with the mythical Monkey, who ultimately became much more interesting than the priest himself.  Many stories grew around a formula of Monkey protecting the priest from monsters along the journey.  The author, Wu Cheng'en, organized many of these stories into a single narrative, which apparently became the authoritative record of all the Monkey folklore. This unabridged translation by W. J. F. Jenner includes a "Translator's Afterword," which I recommend you read before (not after) you read the story itself.  It helps you to understand why there are so many incidents that do little to develop the story or the characters.  This edition was prepared for and printed by the Foreign Language Press of Beijing, so do not expect it to meet American standards of proofreading. If you are chiefly interested in enjoying the story itself, read Arthur Waley's abridged translation, "Monkey."  He keeps all the essential elements so that you learn the plot and get to know the characters, but cuts out most of the formulaic "Monkey vs. monster" stories, so it is paced more like a modern novel.
I bought the paperback edition several years ago. I loved the myths and read the material several times. Unfortunately, the paperbacks are poorly printed and not bound well enough for multiple readings. I just received the hardbacks and make the following observations: 1) left-hand pages are printed in Chinese while right-hand pages are printed in English, 2) pictures are on single pages with the facing pages blank, 3) binding seems to be very well done - strong as well as supple, and 4) there is a bookmark ribbon attached to the binding side of each volume. In summary, this looks like a quality edition. The hardback is printed in 6 volumes while the paperback (English only) is done in 3. I assume that the translation in the hardback is the same as in the paperback version. That was done very well and I'm looking froward to rereading the adventure with quality paper in my hands; that's one of the real luxuries in life! I have, above, made several assumptions based on my prior experience with the paperback. If these assumptions prove wrong, I will update this review and my rating. This is in addition to my original review: I am now reading Volume 4 of 6. There is a horrible error in that volume. There are many missing pages from Volume 4; in their place are many pages from Volume 2. I am knocking two stars off the rating because of this. The vendor said he will send me a proper Volume 4 in October when his stock is replenished. I, fortunately, can finish reading the story because I have the paperback version from the same translator. If I receive a valid copy of Volume 4, I will re-rate upwards and assume there was just a bad run. I also note at this time that there are many little typos: wrong one of to, two, too; many one-letter substitutions; etc. I am of the opinion that the final edit of a translation should always be made by a native speaker of the "to" language. I'm guessing that this opinion was not respected here. The errors in the paperback version, if memory serves me correctly are different. This is a second update to my review: I have just received a corrected copy of Vol. 4 from the seller. Thus, I assume that good copies of this book set are available. I would caution you to check with your seller of choice that the hard copy set you order is one that does not contain the mistakes that were in my original order. At this point I'm changing my product rating back to 5 stars.
This set exceeded my expectations. The text is clear and easy to read, there are more illustrations than I expected, the bindings are strong and the four books fit in their sleeve comfortably.
If you want to test the waters before jumping into the deep end, may I suggest that you first watch the Sci-Fi Channel mini-series "The Lost Empire" (2001), originally aired under the title "The Monkey King". While far from a faithful adaptation, it is a very good introduction to the main characters and overall concept(the character of Sanzang aka Tripitaka being replaced by an American scholar of Chinese literature.) This is an incredibly lengthy story for anyone not prepared for what is inside. The basis for one of Asia's most beloved children's characters (Monkey), the tale is written as a series of short stories seemingly crafted with children as the target audience. Fashioned similar to western children's adventures ("1001 Arabian Nights" comes to mind), each snippet of the journey comes with lots of action and shallow motivation - often falling to greed, hunger, hubris, revenge or a simple thirst for adventure. I feel certain that these stories were kept easily accessible by many parents through the years as a means of entertaining their children. While the characters are far from anyone's idea of the heroic stereotype, their flaws also help to endear them. I don't want to give the impression that I am critical of this work or that I would discourage anyone from reading it, only that this may not be the right choice for your first foray into Chinese literature. Many adults in Asia will unashamedly admit to having read the full volumes (I once spent a couple of hours discussing favorite stories and swapping character impersonations with the CEO of a large company in China during a business dinner) but western readers will likely find it disjointed and often hard to follow. Though rarely pivotal to the story and generally addressed in the generous notes, the author has a great propensity for injecting phrases and concepts that the casual reader will simply not be familiar with. I often found myself running to Google in the middle of a paragraph. There is also the tendency for characters to be referred to by multiple names or titles (Monkey has more than seven) with no easy way to keep them straight. All things considered, I tend to view "Journey to the West" less as entertainment than as one small facet of the cultural legacy of China.
wrapped a lot and some books damaged while shipped but got them on sale so no compliants going to give it 5* for it was just about what i thought would come out of a book on sale, on a side note no pages damaged not a worry of mine but something worth being added to the review
Best adventure stories ever.
Can't say enough about how much I love Sun Wukong. He has got to be the greatest mentor of them all.
Rarely do I come across books that captivate me.  They are so rare, in fact, I remember their titles well.  Carlos Castenda's books, for example, and his stories about don Juan.  Journey to the West falls into this category.  Each time I resume reading it, I catch myself with a smile on my face; yes, I am enjoying the story.  And I hate to put it down when life calls me to duty.  I already know I am going to hate it when I come to the last sentence of the last volume in this set.  Perhaps fate will spare me and I will die before I reach the last sentence of the last volume; at least, I can say I died happy!  Now, it may be true that other translations of this story are better, and I am starting to mull over that notion; still, I, for one, willl not tell you this particular translation is bad; no, no, no, that will never be my pronouncement.  I encourage any doubters who may be thinking about it:  yes, buy the set and enjoy it.  You will not be sorry.
Journey to the West is indeed a great epic, and the prose is actually quite good. Its concise and easy to follow. I'm not sure about how accurate the translation is (I can't read Mandarin). However, the one thing that really makes me angry, is the numerous silly spelling errors throughout the book. Its as if no one bothered to edit it (there are one or two errors per chapter). There is even a spelling error in the summary at the back of the book (they used 'isa' instead of 'is a'). The paper and print quality is below average. The book is damaged and creased easily. Although the story is great and the translation is good, the book is presented in a haphazard manner.
This was advertised as the entire set (all four volumes) but I only received volume 3 in the mail. Falsely advertised.
I liked the stories in this book. It is an adventure from a log time ago that takes place in Asia. A movie was made of the series, but there is a lot to this and the movie really only had one of the many adventures in it. My son liked it as well.
Our family wants to learn about Chinese legends. Great books!
Quick ship, good packaging, wonderful 4 volumes of the Journey.The softbacks were overly tightened in being bound so that it is difficult to read the last word or two-but  its part of the journey so enjoy.
I know nothing of Chinese history much less Buddhism, but I thoughly enjoyed this series. Knowing something of the Monkey King (the mind) and a bit of background about this book helped me to enjoy even more when I was taken on an adventure ride I will not soon forget. This has got to be the longest comic book ever written - it is that entertaining. Do not buy the abridged versions of the Monkey King as you will not get the full effect of what I beleive was intended, which is to discribe life's sacrifice and rewards.
Exactly what I wanted. Box set in amazing package and great price! Perfect gift
I purchased this for my son for his birthday and I haven't seen his face since without one of the volumes in front of it.  He absolutely loves it.  I tried, unsuccessfully to find this set at other booksellers and as always when I need something, Amazon came through.  Thank you for excellent service and availability.  I look forward to many more purchases in the future.
The only thing I didn't like is the font printed is too small.
Package arrived earlier (very) than forecasted. Everything fine, according with promised. Very satisfied.
I was extremely satisfied. All of the books are in like new condition and have not been used any if at all...5 stars!
awesome, this was for my daughter, very good condition, came right on time, very nice collection,she is very happy with this item, will buy again , nice experience, everything was great.
This is volume 1 of 4 only. Not whole set.
One of the great Chinese Classics. Don't miss it. You'll love Monkey!
Now you can read it in English translation.  This is a classic novel and one of the five best written novels
I have read the series at least three times.  Very fun.  Very addictive series.  This series gives you a very fun look into ancient Chinese culture and mind-set.
The novel is obviously great. But this exact translation is a little outdated. You would have a much better read with the newer Alex Yu translations. Also you lose a few stars for labeling this product as "a novel in 4 volumes" and not "volume 4 of 4". Nowhere on the order page did it make it clear and obvious I was buying jut the 4th volume. I really thought I had god a great deal on the complete texts, until the package arrived and it was just one book. Try harder guys.
While there are definitely some interesting stories interspersed throughout, the major takeaway I had from this book was how LONG and BORING the adventure was. Once the main characters are established, they have encounter after encounter with trouble which inevitably goes as follows: 1) Monster sees Tang priest 2) Monster kidnaps Tang priest 3) Monkey saves the day It is in fact so formulaic that after having finished just the first (out of four!) book, there is nothing truly surprising anymore. I get that the whole journey is supposed to be epic and that the true length of their adventure must be shown, but just because the Priest and his disciples are tired from the journey doesn't mean we have to be! Yes there is character development and exciting battles along the way, but do you need 2500+ pages for it? Absolutely Not! For all those looking to get into the story I strongly suggest a more condensed version.
If you are interested in Buddhism, you will enjoy this book.  It helps to already know something about the religion.  As a bonus, the box has a nifty color picture of the Tang monk, and the book covers have nice color pictures of Monkey, Pig and Friar Sand. The adventures are a bit repetitious, but a hoot--Monkey is the ultimate fearless deal-maker, ready to fight on his own or call in favors to get the job done.
(Editorial Note: I realize it sounds incredibly pretentious to speak on the translation, given that I can't read the original Chinese. As a disclaimer, let me say that the most important aspects of translation for me are interest and readability. I couldn't care less about the "accuracy", or "tone of the original work," etc.). Perhaps I want something different from a translation than most. While many scholars want the reader to see the flavor of the Chinese original, I want the work to stand on its own in my language. I don't want to have to learn Chinese in order to appreciate the work. With these thoughts in mind, I am disappointed in Jenner's translation of "Journey to the West". I am no scholar. While I have read a few works here and there, the reading was solely for my amusement. To be sure, some of the works of ancient Chinese literature have truly moved me (I have read "Three Kingdoms" four times, straight through, and have perused it uncountably often). I challenge any reader to find a better adventure tale than Shapiro's retelling of "Outlaws of the Marsh", and "The Scholars" has an immediacy even in today's world. However, while the saga of the Monkey King can be at times engaging, I often lose focus sifting through the religious imagery and boring poetry (yes, I suppose it is very good, but most of these poems sound the same, so that in the end, every poetic retelling of a battle or a landscape might as well be the first). I think that the elements of a TREMENDOUS story are present (indeed, Monkey is a household name among Asian children, even today), but few children or adults can suffer through the tedium of passages such as "Most benevelont and merciful Boddhisattva" or "Enlightened Teacher of the Way and Most Compassionate Buddha" over and over. Call me sacreligious, but this is too much. I wish that Jenner's work more resembled Shapiro's, where poetry is often translated as prose or deleted altogether, so as NOT to give away the plot of an entire chapter. Five stars to the work, one to the translation for an average of three altogether.
I have yet to actually sit down and read these books but I wanted to review the quality of the item. The box tore easily, The pages are super thin to point you can see through them, there was glue on the binding and covers of all 4 books that was easily scratched off with my nail, and the pages of one book were cut wrong; a section was too short and the top of them were connected and had to be torn apart. Not worth the money from quality alone. Reading some other reviews I learned the translation is in accurate or sloppy.
This item I purchased for my oldest son. I taught him to like books so whenever possible I get him books.  This is the type of book he is in to these days.  Gathering knowledge in the way of reading books these days is such a joy that I strongly suggest this item to anyone that loves books as much as my son and I do.
This rating has strictly to do with the thin paper used to create the book and not the actual content of the book.  I had issues with the very thin paper the book was printed on.  So thin that the opposite side of the page 'bled through' to the page I was reading and made it appear blurry, which gave me a near instant headache, so I was unable to proceed.  I really wanted to read this book based on a friend's recommendation, and all the positive reviews it got here, but the blurriness made it impossible .  Will try again from a different publisher.
The book was good but I thought that the spirit and demon stories are too much the same over and over.  Especially when the author translate the  phrase "the two fought for so many rounds and neither seem to emerge to a victory." every time Monkey King fights the demons.  Believe me, it gets old. And Tang priest is made out to be so wimpy, crying all of the times he's caught by the demons.  I know he's supposed to be a mortal man, but, common!  crying like a baby whenever he's caught? Another thing, why hasn't the Tang priest trust Monkey King's judgement on knowing when they meet spirits and demons?  They have been traveling together for like ten years or so. I had to skip a lot because got tired of reading the same type of monsters capturing them and what Monkey King has to go thru to save them.
awsome!!! perfect for a gift
This is the second complete English translation of "A Journey to the West", the first being Yu's.  Jenner's version makes compelling reading and I found it very difficult to put the book down.  The translation is sprightly and idiomatic and the extensive passages in verse are attractively rendered. The only demerits are the lack of footnotes to explain some of the references to individuals and doctrines (for which one needs Yu's version) and the relatively poor standard of printing and typography: better proof-reading would have helped!  However, I cannot say that these shortcomings impaired my enjoyment of these volumes and I would strongly recommend them to anyone in search of a readable version of this engrossing epic.
poor translating , the story is great but poor choice of wording make it difficult to read.
There are, at present, two complete versions of the long Chinese comic novel "Journey to the West".  One of them, the more recent, is published by Anthony Yu at Chicago University Press.  The other, an older version made by W. J. F. Brenner for the Foreign Language Press, is made over five decades ago, but is as yet still not completely superseded. Looking through the translations, it's obvious that both are worthy undertakings by two enthusiatic contemporary Sinologists.  Anthony Yu, though not a native English speaker, is professor of East Asian studies at the Chicago University, an expert in his field, and an ethnic Chinese.  Brenner is a long-time Sino translator who has rendered his fair share of Chinese classics into English.  So how did these two translations fare compared with each other? Brenner is a no-nonsensical and very sensible translator of the Wu Cheng'en's book.  While he doesn't take great liberties with the text, when required, he demonstrates lots of felicities in reframing Chinese ideas and philosophies into English. Take the beginning for instance, a difficult passage which involves understanding of Chinese arithmetics and metaphysics.  Here is Brenner's version: "In the arithmetic of the universe, 129,600 years make one cycle. Each cycle can be divided into twelve phases: I, II, III, IV, V, VI, VII. VIII, IX, X, XI and XII, the twelve branches. Each phase lasts 10,800 years. "Now within a single day, the positive begins at the time I; at II the cock crows; at III it is not quite light; at IV the sun rises; V is after breakfast; and at VI one does business. VII is when the sun reaches noon; at VIII it is slipping towards the west; IX is late afternoon; the sun sets at X; XI is dusk; and at XII people settle down for the night." This is elegant as is readable and comprehensible to an English audience.  Although Brenner forgoes the nitty-gritties of exact transliteration, he did not excise anything of note, and got the gist of the passage right.  One could imagine this is how the author would have composed in English. Brenner's translation is consistently fine and accurate.  His language is on the whole simple and easily understood as long you have a high school degree.  Where Brenner is more limited, as compared to Arthur Waley's classic abridged "Monkey", is in recreating the full range of tones and satiric emotions of the original.  "Journey to the West" is a satirical, high-spirited adventure story; Brenner is idiomatic and readable, but he can occasionally sacrifice some of the original's comic mischievousness.  Here Waley is incomparable; though he may sound a little arch, one has no doubt Waley is at one with Wu Cheng'en's spirit.  Brenner, on the other hand, can at times sound a little too matter-of-factly.  There are moments where you will chuckle in delight reading Waley, but might not do so with Brenner. Now to Anthony Yu's version.  Made in the 1980s, it, too, is a highly commendable piece of work.  The first thing one notices about it is its extreme faithfulness to the text - even more so than Brenner's.  At times, it even strikes one as being slavish.  One must praise his version for being so strictly straightforward, though at times this literalmindedness makes some word choices incomprehensible to English readers.  Take his constant rendition of "Wood Mother" for instance, a term which has no meaning whatsoever in English, or "eating rice" for "taking a meal".  This is a version especially good if you know your Chinese and would like a crib to read the original with.  While maybe not as idiomatic as Brenner, Yu is even more academic and scholarly in that he attempts to translate every character of the language.  Faithfulness to the letter of the text takes foremost priority, sometimes over readibility. The success rate is varying, but the translation is on the whole an admirable one. Comparing the two, both Yu and Brenner can be recommended.  Yu would be first choice if fidelity to the text is your priority.  If you prefer your English to be more idiomatic and the story to flow better, Brenner should be considered.  The two run pretty close and neither is yards ahead of the other.  But Waley's translation is still a marvellous read, and even if it is highly abridged, it should under no circumstances be forgotten.
Nice story. Very entertaining. Full of important allegory. For example, if you find yourself in the company of a pig, a monkey, and a horse, do you really think you can stay out of trouble? Or will the pig, the horse, and the monkey redeem themselves by saving your bacon? And can you really get where you are going without them? Or should you choose a different destination and leave the pig, the monkey, and the horse where you found them? You can see that it gets really interesting. We all go through life with this barnyard coterie of associates, and what we think of them and how well we collaborate is of the utmost importance, so that is what I am thinking as I reflect on this very interesting, not to mention fun, book.
I finally finished Journey to the West the other day. At over 3,000 pages across four volumes, it's quite a journey in and of itself. I will examine plot, characters and polish before assigning a grade.  This is a review of the novel as a whole. I might do something more specific at a later date.  PLOT  The novel itself is basically two stories. First is the Rise and Fall of the Monkey King and the second is Xuanzang's journey to fetch scriptures from Thunder Monastery.  The Rise and Fall of Monkey is like a Protagonists Journey to Villain. It starts off with Stone Monkey becoming the Handsome Monkey King and going on adventures to protect his kingdom from threats, up to and including death-by-old-age. Then he gets so full of himself he attacks gods and rebels against heaven. In the end this villain is defeated.  The plot is quick, fast paced and constantly escalates. The method by which Monkey becomes so powerful makes sense. The series of events that lead to him trapped under Five Elements Mountain is driven by character decisions. It can stand alone as a complete story. Naturally, Monkey fans want to see him get out from under that rock but it can stand alone.  The rest of the novel is Xuanzang's journey to fetch scriptures. It has an interesting start. There's this Dante's Inferno thing as part of the set up and there's also how Xuanzang gets involved in the quest and then how he recruits his three disciples. Then it's basically filler until they reach Thunder Monastery.  The Pilgrims encounter demons that want to eat/seduce Xuanzang and Monkey has to rescue him. Usually, he has to seek help from other deities instead of simply smashing everything in his path. There's occasional variations, like helping a kingdom from an unrelated demon scheme, problems with humans, or a Broken Bridge.  I like the ending. It's a good ending, with closure and such.  CHARACTERS  Because there is No Antagonist, the only developed main characters here are the pilgrims themselves.  Xuanzang is basically a walking plot device because he takes no action other than starting the journey and placing the headband on Monkey's head. Monkey could jump back and forth between Thunder Monastery and Tang capital twenty times with ease but Xuanzang is mortal and cannot ride on clouds so he has to go the long and hard way. He gets captured to involve the Pilgrims in the affairs of demons along the way and insists on helping everyone (even if they're a demon in disguise), thus providing the excuse to delay the Journey.  If the other three characters in your cast are criminal demons, then it's necessary to have somebody like this but he could stand to be more like a true Good Shepherd and less like a jerkass.  Monkey is like a Trope Maker or something for general shonen anime heroes: he's rude, arrogant, and defeats enemies by beating them senseless with his superior martial arts but he is also driven by a kind heart that wants to protect his subjects. In addition, he is an old and cunning trickster. Many of his victories rely on sneaking around gathering Intel and then devising a strategy to overcome his opponent's advantages. He also knows more about Buddhist teachings than his own master, who was raised a Buddhist monk.  Pig is basically a sidekick type character. He makes wisecracks, helps the hero in small ways, and gets captured occasionally.  There isn't much to say about Friar Sand (or the dragon prince/horse for that matter).  POLISH  When you're translating over 3,000 pages of Chinese into English, there's bound to be some typos. I only found a couple, which is admirable on the part of the translator.  Trickster Eric Novels gives Journey to the West a B+
For any translated work, reader should own 2 for parallel reading, and this one is a direct translation. The author uses split-character method to create 4 main characters: Master, Monkey, Pig and Sandy. that actually one person that holds all these character on a struggling road for good. Master fears, Monkey dares, Pig lusts, Sandy dumb, of course each one holds more related natures not to mention, I hate many critics state that Sandy is not fully developed, that's exactly such person, that we may find him at our work place and in government office too. And another things, a reader may find out that those road blocks, demons and monsters are actually closely related to many gods, sages, and even Buddhas' their family, servants, or weaponary or item which their belongings that cause all the troubles for the 4 and the common people on earth. True, Wu Kong wants to be great, he is great; San Zang wants to get all wisdom scroll for his nation (people), even the gods support them, but who are truly blocking them to do so? This is not only satire to religion and government, it reaches deeper and much farther than To the West. It is a journey or reflection that author carries us to experience and each reflection after beating away a demon, and at last even Buddha calls a storm to sink some of their scrolls. Just look around company, society, government, or even religious institute, or any institute, as long as one who recognizes himself in it and strives for good, then he may obtain the experience and nature of the 4 main characters, and he would also discover all the gods and demons: jade emperor, Guan Yi, White Bone Fairy.... Welcome the Journey to the West, it's better than Disney world, coz this mythical world is 100% real :-)
Journey to the West is probably the most well-known tale amongst Chinese folk the world over.  It is a story that has been adapted in the form of operas, television series, cartoons and movies many times over.  To be able to read a complete and unabridged version of this epic is a joy indeed.  My only regret is that as a Western-educated Chinese, I am not able to read this masterpiece in it's original language.  Although the translator does a very good job at translating the book, I am sure many nuances and subtleties of the Chinese language have been lost in the translation. The story is a simple one.  Set during the early Tang dynasty (the peak of Chinese civilisation), a holy Buddhist monk has to travel from China to India to collect the true Mahayana Buddhist scriptures from the Lord Buddha himself, in order to bring enlightenment to his fellow country men.  The journey is a long and ardous one, not least because numerous demons lie waiting in ambush for a chance to capture and eat the monk, as his holy body will confer immortality on whoever eats it.  Thus, the Goddess of Compassion assembles a strange group of bodyguards for the monk: the proud and mischievous Monkey, the lustful and greedy Pig, the loyal and steadfast Friar Sand, and a Dragon Prince transformed into a horse.  Their various adventures are so full of humor and wacky hijinks that I cannot help myself from laughing out from time to time.  Monkey is the ultimate Chinese version of the universal trickster-hero.  Do yourself a favor and pick up this book.  You will not regret it for a moment.
I should point out that I am just a product of the American public education system who only knows english. I read this in my free time and knew little to to nothing of Chinese history. Somethings, I feel, are definately lost in translation here. I understand that much of the Poetry is layed out in beautiful rhymes and even set to music in Mandarin or whatever dialect came first but to read these parts translated quite so literaly into english is as painful as it is reduntant. I tried to skip some of it but once in a while, there is one tiny detail that you have to catch in the poetry explanations that are integral to the overal story of a given chapter. In that respect, we pay a culture penalty for reading this in english, no matter how skillfully this book was translated. The origion chapters for the main characters where a thrill ride and every bit worth the cost of the book. After you have established the characters and their origion stories and they set off on their, well.. "Journey to the West", some of the monster stories start to follow simular patterns. The middle to end parts of this book may have made for an entertaining tv series. Every chapter there was always some kind of monster trying to eat the Tang Priest guy that Monkey and company where escourting. If it wasn't scary monster animal/demon spirits trying to eat the Monk to gain immortality, it was some female monster/animal/demon spirit trying to have sex with the Tang priest to gain immortality because he was an 8th generation reincarnated virgin saint or something. These stories are intermitten with other chapters that had to do with them taking a detour or having to deal with someone from Monkey's past or some monsters trying to mess with our hero's for whatever reason. There are alot of crossover cameos from other numerous Chinese and Indian storys and mythologies. To that end, it has sort of a Shrek 2 vibe to it. This book is an epic, every bit as worthy, if not more so, than the likes of the Illiad or The Lord of the Rings. This also reads like a comic book that hasn't been fully illistrated yet. Nobody tell Frank Miller. The battle scenes go on for several pages at times. If thats your thing, there you go. If you don't mind skimming through a dab of gibberish here or there to get to a great story, this book is for you. Fair warning, you may not get through it in one sitting, It did run over 2000 pages.
This is a great Chinese classic!  I think that the translation is not too bad (given its history), and it would be fun to read aloud.  I like how the books are divided, and the illustrations from the Qing dynasty are also fascinating.  As for the content, I think it is probably widely known among people who study Chinese culture.  The most lovable character is obviously Monkey, who will stop at nothing to protect his feeble Buddhist master the Tang priest Sanzang.  Zhu the pig is also interesting as an incessantly loathsome character who specializes in overeating and over-indulging in just about everything.  The only character I think could have been more developed was Friar Sand.. :(.  The most predictable one was Quan Yin who always ends up saving Monkey for the first two books.  Some great moments were: the manfruit, the false Western Heaven, and of course Monkey's bad behavior in the first 20 chapters of the book.  Its a great read for any age.
I've always loved books, particularly the kind that create a new and different world and draw you into it. It seems I was pretty serious about my fantasy reading, as evidenced by an inscription to my children in the back of The Fellowship of The Ring, mass market paperback edition circa 1977. I wrote the inscription with a ball-point pen when I was 10. My daughter showed it to me when she was 14 or so. It said something to the effect that I love this book so much that my only wish is to pass it on to my kids so that they can feel what I did when I first read it. Apparently I did, and apparently they did. I still feel that way about The Lord of The Rings, but I read Journey To The West a couple of years ago, and it made me feel the same way except magnified. I was 37 when I first read it. It was like Tolkien, plus all the L. Frank Baum Oz books plus the Arabian Nights, all the Greek myths, Terry Pratchett and Douglas Adams all rolled into one. This book is over 2300 pages, so it took some discipline to get through. But as you go, you savor each moment, each line. When I turned the final page, I was seriously tempted to start again at the beginning. Seriously, it's that good. It is that good, despite being very far out of context for most people like me. What I mean is, I'm about as Western as you can get, or at least my parents intended me to be so. My understanding is that Chinese kids absorb the Monkey King story by osmosis, they drink it like mother's milk from they day they are born .... kind of like Big Bird or Elmo in the west. But that's not at all a fair comparison. Big Bird and Elmo fall in the category of pop culture. This same category is fair game for any number of PhD theses in any number of fields of learning. Do you reckon anyone will know who Elmo is 500 years from now? Neither do I. But we still know Monkey today, and I bet we will still know him 500 years from now, if there is anyone around to know anything. It is possible that Journey to the West is the most widely read or known text in the history of humanity. That's a bizarre thought to those of us brought up in the isolated shelter of Judeo-Christian mythology. I'm sure it is less analyzed than the Christian bible, but then it doesn't exactly beg for analysis: it's obviously a very long fable, indicating very little in the way of how to live one's life, whether or not to eat bacon with tea on a Tuesday morning, or anything else relevant to modern life. It's not about textbook ethics, nor is it about everyday morality. It's not about how to please God or your fellow man (woman if you are one, to quote Colin Hay). It's about fantasy. It's about delight in the sheer variety of the world around. If I were a book, I would want to be about that. All that is left is for me to suggest that you read Monkey King. It's a project, and you need to get in the right frame of mind. You're going to need some fortitude to read it all, but it's worth it. It really is worth it. What follows is my somewhat lame attempt to summarize a book which probably shouldn't be summarized. Please ignore it, I wrote it in a fit of passion 2 years ago. Sun Wukong is the Handsome Monkey King, Great Sage Equaling Heaven. This book is about Sun Wukong, the Monkey. The novel is composed of 100 chapters, each told as a story such as an oral storyteller might relate. Each chapter ends with a sort of cliffhanger and a directive to read on if you want to know what happens next. In chapter 1 Monkey is born (hatched ?!) and asserts himself as a force to be reckoned with. He's fairly happy eating exotic fruits and being king of the mountain but eventually the idea of death occurs to him, and he gets quite naturally upset. One of his monkey friends suggests to him that there are 3 kinds of beings who are free from the cycle of death and rebirth: Buddhas, Immortals, and Sages. The Immortals are enlightened ones of the Taoist faith, and Sages refers to Confucianism. The Handsome Monkey King decides to set out on a journey to gain immortality. Eventually (after about 10 years have passed) he runs into a Taoist Immortal who imparts the secrets of everlasting life and great travel powers to him. Having acquired great cosmic powers, Monkey proceeds to use them. He causes no end of distress to the kings of Hell in Chapter 3, and soon comes to the attention of Heaven (i.e. the Powers That Be). Heaven attempts to placate Monkey's insatiable lust for power and recognition with a fake job and title. Monkey can be fooled, but only for so long, and in the end he causes chaos in Heaven (which is a bad thing). The Jade Emperor of Heaven calls out all the armies of demons, heavenly generals and warriors, you name it. Time after time they try to take Monkey into custody and fail, until finally the Buddha himself steps in and traps Monkey. Handsome Monkey King is imprisoned under a mountain for some 500 years. By now we're up to chapter 8, in which the Bodhisattva Guanyin sets out on a journey to appoint a pure hearted priest to go west and bring back the scrolls of wisdom from the Buddha's Western Paradise. On the way Guanyin flags a couple of demons to help the priest on his journey. In chapters 9 through 12 we learn about Sanzang, the Tang Priest who is destined to recover the scriptures from the West, a million miles away, or so it seems. Sanzang is a rather weak fellow, a mere mortal with no special powers of any kind. His strength is the pureness of his heart and his faith in his mission. The Journey to the West is Sanzang's voyage to recover the scrolls, and it really begins in chapter 13. He does not have an easy time of it, being almost constantly beset by tigers, monsters and demons, not to mention deep dark forests and formidable mountain ranges. However the Tang Priest quickly gets help, in the form of a dragon transformed into a horse, a flesh eating demon who works as a bodyguard and gopher, and a gluttonous moronic pig-demon who serves nicely as a luggage carrier. But most importantly he acquires Monkey, who is freed from his imprisonment under the mountain on the condition that he helps the Tang Priest and cultivates his behavior, learning to be a good Buddhist monk. Imagine Monkey with a shaved head. Once the cast is assembled, the journey begins in earnest. Monkey, the Idiot (Pig), Sandy and the dragon horse accompany Sanzang through 30000 miles of dangerous terrain, beset by evil spirits and demons at every turn. By this time we're done with chapter 25, 585 pages into the novel, and we've closed the back cover of Volume 1. In the other hand we hold Volume 2, almost drooling with anticipation. Throughout the next 75 chapters, the action is pretty much non-stop. There are lots of bad guys, and Monkey gets lots of chances to show off his incredible magical powers, his sheer brute force, and his amazing mental capacity. His conversations and arguments with The Tang Priest and The Idiot are always amusing and sometimes hilarious. His martial prowess, wielding the As-You-Will Iron Cudgel, is unparalleled. Sometimes even Monkey gets in over his head and has to call in an air strike in the form of Heavenly forces, or various Gods, Constellations, or other muscle. I won't give away the ending, but suffice it to say it's a happy one, after 2317 pages. As to the quality of the translation I have nothing to add. It was more than readable to me: it was a delight, poetry and all. As to the quality of the editing, it's not perfect. On the other hand, the flaws don't detract from the experience at all. As to the quality of the printing: keep in mind that this is published by Foreign Language Press of Beijing. In some ways FLP doesn't live up to American standards of production quality, but in others it excels them. The paper is necessarily thin, but the books are tightly bound. These are not mass-market paperbacks. One does not feel that the books will fall apart on a second reading, and there is very little danger of breaking the spine. Also, Journey to the West is nicely illustrated with Qing Dynasty pictures. The quality of the reproductions is not the highest, but let's not bite the hand that feeds us. My box of Journey to the West was a bit scuffed and dinged and dented. Same with the other titles I have purchased from FLP through Amazon. I imagine this is FLP's fault. I'm not entirely happy about it but for a book this great, I can live with a couple of small physical flaws (especially at this price). I'm just happy I got my grubby little monkey paws on it.
JOURNEY TO THE WEST," IS A CELEBRATED CLASSIC WRITTEN ABOUT FIVE CENTURIES AGO BY WU CHENG'EN, AKA MASTER OF SHEYANG, ABOUT THE JOURNEY TO THE WEST TO FETCH THE SUTRA, BUT MORE IMPORTANTLY, IT IS a story of every person's purpose in life, to live a righteous life, go on the road he or she must go, until he or she reaches the Western Paradise. This person, represented by a team of the Tang Priest and his four disciples, has personalities like each of them. We may not know it, but we have an ounce of cleverness and bravery and strength in each and every one of us, like Monkey King, and are we not as stupid, lazy, and lascivious as Pig? Like Frair Sand, we can be steadfast to our beliefs, what is right, and can tell what is man and what is demon, what is right and what is wrong? The horse is repentant of his crime and accepted his converted life as a horse, are we  not like that too? The Tang Priest represents everything that is pure and right, but is a gullible person. The demons they met on their way represent different sins and temptations, to fight them is a battle within oneself, fighting for what is right and against what is wrong. At last, when all battles against evil are won, they are pure and righteous and changed over the course of the journey, worthy to meet Buddha, get the Sutras, and become Buddhas themselves. This simple story is lesser known as a religious story, but is still highly recommended by me, because of its exciting plot, great characters,a reflection of Chinese feudalism and society of the time Wu Cheng'en lived, teachings of Buddhism, and knowing a thing or two about Chinese culture, all packaged in one. A true classic!
Journey to the West, translated by W J F Jenner, is a little too good a translation. The Chinese love their bureaucracy. Numbers are very important and interesting to them as are titles and position. Translating all the boring bits does not make for a good read, but it does make for an excellent insight into Chinese culture, not on a mythological level (the rest of the novel does a great job of that) but on the day to day level and how government affects their day to day life. To that end, it's a very good translation. A bit boring at times, if you're not one for too much detail that bears little relevance to the plot. Characters are named with grand titles but never appear again, while minor characters will receive fully fleshed out back stories that seem tangential to the original story but soon tie neatly in. A very good set of books. Interesting, boring at times, but as pure as it can be to the source material without learning one of the most difficult languages in the world. Also, this is the story that inspired Monkey Magic and Dragon Ball. If you're fan of either, it's a good read just out of curiosity.
Back in the 70's there was a TV show, made in Hong Kong and dubbed into English by the BBC. It was called "Monkey" and the premise was that three spirits had been banished to Earth, to regain entry to Heaven they had to take sacred writings to the West travelling with a priest. Now I loved this programme for several reasons, 1. the stories were wonderful 2. it had great action sequences 3. the acting was hilarious 4. it had a funky seventies disco/cheese soundtrack. So little did I suspect that the story was an ancient tale by Cheng'en Wu - it took a friend from Japan to point it out. Re-living my wasted youth - I ordered instantly from Amazon and have not been disappointed - these stories are wonderful and perfectly mixed my childhood afternoon TV sessions after school with my 30 year old mind and spirituality. I still love Monkey, Pigsy and Sandy - and I suspect you will too!
I grew up with these stories and just wanted to read them and put them all together.  It was great to find it and now putting all the stories together is a wonderfull thing.  I have a greater understand of the tail now.
I have already read it several times and I think I will read it again some time. It's a fun novel, besides, folklore collections and ancient Chinese fiction, presenting a real world through imaginary stories. You will encounter demons (sometimes, god-like ones), gods (sometimes, common people-like ones) and common people... I don't know about others, but I found myself in this book: sometimes I am the priest, sometimes I am the pig and sometimes I am the monkey... PS: It's one of the so called "4 Chinese ancient classics" (other 3 are A Dream of Red Mansions, Outlaws of the Marsh and Three Kingdoms)
It was a gift to someone else
Though "Journey to the West" is immeasurably important in the history of fiction, I find it hard to recommend it in its entirety. Sure, the story itself is a classic, but it, for the most part, is also incredibly dull, repetitive, and downright confusing as an actual novel. For instance, the story begins with a longwinded explanation of how the Kalpa system works. Fine, that's pretty interesting. This serves as a transition into the actual story, which begins like so: "There was once a magic stone on the top of this mountain which was thirty'six feet five inches high and twenty'four feet round. It was thirty'six feet five inches high to correspond with the 365 degrees of the heavens, and twenty'four feet round to match the twenty'four divisions of the solar calendar. On top of it were nine apertures and eight holes, for the Nine Palaces and the Eight Trigrams." Okay, we get it. There was a rock on a mountain. Moving on... "There were no trees around it to give shade, but magic fungus and orchids clung to its sides. Ever since Creation began it had been receiving the truth of Heaven, the beauty of Earth, the essence of the Sun and the splendour of the Moon; and as it had been influenced by them for so long it had miraculous powers. It developed a magic womb, which burst open one day to produce a stone egg about the size of a ball. When the wind blew on this egg it turned into a stone monkey." Wait, what? How? Back it up a second! Hey! "When the stone monkey had learned to crawl and walk, he bowed to each of the four quarters. As his eyes moved, two beams of golden light shot towards the Pole Star palace." Huh?! Why?! I assumed that the monkey's origin was in line with the mythical creator Pan Gu's, given the similarities, but after page one, it's never acknowledged. We never learn why the rock changes into a monkey of anything in the universe it could've been. And the light thing? No hint of reason is given, it just happens. There are plenty of moments like this. Bizarre, mystical mumbo jumbo that's never explained. I've asked fans and scholars alike about this scene, and to this day, there is no explanation of what the hell it's supposed to mean. Oh, and the poetry... ugh. Every few paragraphs, the story suddenly grinds to a halt so that the narrator can expound an awkwardly translated poem. Usually, these serve to replace the conventional act of conveniently describing something. Usually, this means pointing out every intricate detail of a character's outfit or a plot of land for no real reason. Maybe it sounds wonderful in its original Chinese, but the translations I've read are all cringe-worthy. Here's an example, also from the first few pages. This one describes a feast: "Golden pills and pearl pellets, Bursting red and plump yellow. The golden pills and pearl pellets were winter cherries, beautiful and sweet; The bursting red and plump yellow were ripe plums, tasty and sharp. Fresh, sweet'fleshed longans with thin skins. Fiery lichees with tiny stones in a red sack. Branch after branch of crab'apples, Yellow'skinned loquats with their leaves on. Rabbit'head pears and chicken'heart jujubes To quench your thirst, remove your cares, and sober you up. Fragrant peaches and tender apricots, As sweet and luscious as jade wine." This goes on for a page and a half. I think that just about explains it.  That said, this novel has a major upside: the actual story of the first seven chapters. Though it's largely considered a prologue by purists (most of whom just Wikipedia summaries of chapter eight and up) the wild adventure of Sun Wukong the monkey king, which I'll call Part One for convenience's sake, is the only part anyone really cares about. Poetry and lackluster prose aside, Part One is one big swashbuckling adventure, following Wukong's rise to power and war against Heaven. It's colorful, epic, and the only section that follows a consistant plot. It also contains some of the most famous moments in Chinese fiction, including Wukong's training (the basis for Yoda in The Empire Strikes Back), the Buddha's Palm scene, and one incredible chase sequence that really knocked me off my feet. When Part One wraps up, though, everything goes downhill.  The actual journey westward sees a main character switch and a change in format. The alleged meat-and-potatoes of the novel follows a monk named Xuanzang as he and his four desciples, including Wukong, as they travel to India to acquire a set of scriptures. This section takes from Chapter 8 to 97, and between those points, there is no concept of coherence or character development. It's entirely episodic and formulaic to a point where you can skip 95% of it and nothing will have moved forward. Most of these episodes consist of Xuanzang being kidnapped by a monster-of-the-week and Wukong saving him while their comrades contribute little to nothing at all. It gets old fast, and the overly direct translations don't help at all.  There is very little reason to keep reading after Part One. Some of the demons during the main quest are fun, I very much like the main party, even if none of them develop at all during the course of the story, but there isn't much to go on once Sun Wukong steps out of the limelight in Chapter 8. Instead, I recommend a few alternatives.  -The kid's TV series that aired on the BBC in the 80's, called "Monkey". It's pure, hyperactive, campy fun.  -The Chinese animated film "Havoc in Heaven" is a beautiful rendering of Part One only.  -Arthur Waley's famous abridged version, also called "Monkey" cuts out most of the repitition and all of the poetry. It's snappy, whimsical, and much better paced than the massive original.
While the story is long and can get repetitive at times, it is a classic.  If you wish to undersatnd the culture of China in any way, you must be familiar with this story.  Go Monkey!
One of the best books I've ever read. I got hooked to the book the monment I read the first 3 pages.
I only received the first Volume from the third-party seller.
IF you like mythic kung fu movies, you will be thrilled with this book.  Its 1000 times more baddazzz than any related movie or cartoon you could hope to see. I would compare it to the Oz books mixed with the Orlando epics.
Am looking forward to read it. E.Lauterbach
Bought for my son, he loves the books
although a great book, somewhat marred by a less than perfect translation (although let's give credit where credit is due, i would not have liked to edit this book) - this book reads somewhat like water.  about two thousand pages of the narrative deals with the journey of Priest, Monkey, Pig and Friar Sand as they travel westward in search of the scriptures of the "Greater Vehicle" - the other three hundred pages deals with the birth of the Monkey King and his rebellion in heaven at the start of the book, and the end where they finally reach the Thunder Monastary on Vulture Peak in the Western Heaven a.k.a. Tibet. pretty much the rest of the book deals with the trials and tribulations that these four monks (only three of which are fully developed characters: poor Friar Sand is left as the fifth wheel most of the time) go through in trying to 'fetch' these scriptures for the enlightenment of all humanity.  the priest is a real ding-dong, he's constantly getting himself into all sorts of trouble, and he never heeds the Monkey King's advice about anything, so the Priest is always falling into the jaws of some new monster on virtually every chapter.  the Pig is no better, as he would sooner run into trouble or create trouble for everyone else for the sake of either his pride or his stomach.  the Monkey King is the real hero of this book, as he is constantly rescuing everyone from some sort of demon or tempting succubus around practically every corner.  and what of Friar Sand? . . . well, he is just kind of there to guide the Priest's horse. this book is definitely worth a read though, i thoroughly enjoyed it, despite its short comings.  the incessant poetry gets kind of annoying though, most of it is relevant to the "plot" so you can't really skip too much of it.  i give it four stars.
i love this book. when i am reading the book i place it in my backpocket to be able to pickup and read whenver i have time. i cant seem to put this book down.
I got the product (Journey to the West 4 volume boxed set) fairly quickly, but the books were a little scuffed up with the corner of one of the four volumes bent up to a couple pages.  Being only a paperback though, this doesn't bother me much as they would have been in this condition or worse after I've finished it. :)  Otherwise good service, I contacted the seller in advance to confirm that the version of this book was the one I was looking for, since there are many retellings of Journey to the West, and I got a prompt reply.
Even people who don't have a scholarly or hobby interest in Chinese culture will enjoy this amazingly sassy, VERY VERY long epic about a quest to get instructions from the buddha.  Magic animals, lots of martial arts, poetic evocations of scenery.  It's really a lot of fun.  But you have to be a person who can commit to a very long story.  This book comes in four volumes.
Imagine "The Lord of the Rings" doubling its length, complexity of plots, the number of characters, monsters, spirits, and other beings of all kinds - then you get the idea of just what a monumental book this is.  It's like an encyclopedia written in the form of a novel!  It's also the most famous fanatasy fiction in the Chinese-speaking world.  Now that's a big deal. The Buddhist monk's mission is to walk all the way from the Chinese capital to India, a distance of at least 2000 miles.  By contrast, the distance between Hobbiton and Mordor is only about 1000 miles.  While the monk's goal is to take back Buddhist books from "the West," i.e., India, Frodo's task is to destroy the One Ring in Mount Doom of Mordor, i.e., in the East. The Monk is to bring back something of great importance, the Hobbit to destroy it.  The Monk is a man of great wisdom, with an absolutely pure heart, but powerless and helpless in the face of monsters.  He commands the services of his pupil the Monkey King, who has limitless supernatural powers.  Hobbit's strength lies also in his purity of heart, which however fails only at the very end.  Otherwise he is just as powerless as the Monk.  Gandalf is the man of great wisdom and a tremendous wizard who assists Frodo.  "The Journey to the West" is permeated throughout with Buddhist overtones and undertones - like blood in the human body, they are everywhere.  Tolkien's book is pagan, of course, but the distinction between good and evil is no less sharp.  All characters return home heroes. Those who've read both books (or at least seen the films adapted from them) will appreciate the complexity of the Chinese imaginative mind.  Nothing Tolkien wrote can compare.  Curiously, little is known about this author, other than the great fame of his book.
It's a true classic and I am enjoying it very much.
very fast service,books in optimal condition, glad to have chosen amazon the book is very interesting, i chose it because i'm interested in china and i'm learning chinese and i like to read about places i've been in china.
Daily Deals is cool when you buy from them! First time dealing with Daily Deals! I am very happy with how they communicate with you!
good
A Chinese born friend told me about this story and how it is the basis for the TV series 'Monkey'. The book [compared to the TV show] is a superior experience.
This was purchased for my son for Christmas when I could not find it at the library.  He loved it and was happy to find that it came with 3 other books from the series in a collector box.
Absolutely perfect! Quick turn around from the states to Australia. Cheers :)
Even though I haven't read this book, I know exactly what it's about. If you have seen or read the first ten episodes of the Television show or manga "Dragon Ball" created by Akira Toryama in mid '80's, you'll see a similarity. The names are a little different, but the basic story is identical. If you are a Dragon Ball fan, you'll see where I'm coming from. This extremely long story about that old Chinese legend, inspired the great Akira in writing the greatest Japanese story ever written. Mainly, because it led to Dragon Ball Z, and then finally to Dragon Ball GT which has still not appeared in English, but probably will sometime in the near future. So, I'm going to but this story and see what else Akira based his popular Dragon Ball series on...
I really love this company. I will purchase from them again the book is as said in description very minor wear but everything else was in great condition.
This translation is not as flowery as the Anthony Yu translation and does not have the extensive footnotes but is a fun read.  Uses more modern language so it's  not necessary to constantly look up references to understand the story.
it is a classic for a reason.  it is good in a good way
I ordered this product around Christmas time, and it was intended to be a present for a friend. Unfortunately, the order became lost in the mail. I contacted Amazon with questions and options on what I could do to still receive this book set, and I received a prompt reply. The representative was very cooperative and friendly. A new box set was sent out soon after communications, and that set was received within a week. Thanks for the great books, everyone! My friend is loving them.
This is a wonderful translation of the Journey to the West.  It is an unabridged translation, therefore it is 3 books long.  But it is worth it.  Not only is it written clearly, but it keeps the style of the original, meaning that interwoven between pharagraphs of prose are poems.  This give the book a wonderful charm that the abridged, prose versions lack.  The ancient Chinese thought, such as yin and yang, Daoism, Chinese Buddhism, also give the book an authentic flavor that enriches the experience of reading this classic.  It is still the same wonderful story of the michevous Monkey King, his difficulties with the gods in heaven, and his redeeming pilgramage with the Buddhist monk/priest Sanzang to find sutras.  For anyone seriously interested in this story and who doesn't read Chinese, this is the edition for them!
Delivery speed was ok. Shipping rate was great considering the size and weight of this book collection. Books quality is as expected for paper edition.
The Journey to the West has remained of the most popular and enduring works of fiction in China since it was first published in the late sixteenth century.  It is an allegory of Buddhist doctrine, based on the real life pilgrimage of Tripitaka, a Chinese monk who traveled to India in search of religions scripture in (I believe) the seventh century.  The very descriptive text contains some of the most astoundingly beautiful poetic passages I have ever encountered.  Footnotes contain references to everthing from historical notes to daily customs of the period.  This set of books is among the most treasured in my library.
Anthony Yu version has more back ground info than WJFJ version. The quality of books is very poor. The paper quality is poor, printing quality is poor, and binding quality is poor. However this is newer translation(1982) than Anthony Yu version (1977). Though, I think some of poem are not right translation. Anthony Yu vesion is a bit diffcult to read.
I liked this book quite a bit. The translation is good and the translator has one a great effort to explain as much as he/she could to help you to understand anything that is mentioned and you mey be unable to understand. The only thing I found somewhat tiring was that the story becomes a little repetitive, but besides that the story is really interesting (though I got to hate Pig, but... *shrug*)
The classic novel 'Journey to the West' is well worth a read if you like Chinese history, or enjoy studying religion, or like mythology. While parts are dry, the novel overall is really interesting and I found most of it to be very engaging. Even though Monkey is insanely overpowered, and a lot of characters are two-dimensional (like Pig), the problems of the party always present a challenge and the trouble they get into and the struggles they have to overcome are varied and don't get boring (well, most of the time anyway. It's a long story and some parts are very repetitive). While this book is rich in detail and shows the incredible and complex Chinese Buddhist mythology and traditions beautifully, it's obvious that the author had a real hatred of Taoists. If you're a scholar of Buddhism or Chinese religions, this book is definitely a must-read, but be aware of the biases. The biggest problems I had were that this set of books (the novel is split into four parts) doesn't seem to have been proofread against typos and also seems to have been printed on quite low-quality paper. Also, some of the translation notes are cut off or are missing. Otherwise, this is a brilliant set of books. They're well worth the price.
This book is a bit of an odd read but it is interesting, I spent most of the train journeys reading this and bits of it are strange but it does link to the natural chinese history in ways which I was pleased about. A decent read but not the best of the chinese classics
I bought this as a mothers day gift as this is one of her favourite stories (she loved the old TV series) and she absolutely loved it. She spent the rest of the day annoying my Dad by reading out sections to him. Well worth the money!
It was not clear this was part of a trilogy
really good so far, am still on book one but I loved the abridged Monkey book so much I've been loving this one.  there are a lot of translated poems and such in there, which I don't get much out of, but they probably were brilliant in the original language.  such a shame.
I give my review a five-star rating because I really enjoy reading it.  It has exceeded my expectations.  I would certainly recommend to anyone who wants to have an understanding of a famous Chinese folklore.  In fact, many Chinese today who practise traditional Chinese ancestor worship pray to the Monkey God and he is revered as a deity and many Chinese temples of statues of the Monkey God.
A wonderful rambling adventure, full of magic, wit and insights into old China. I never saw the popular TV series 'Monkey' that came from this book, but if you did, you might like to read the book.
This is a lucid and superlative translation of this classic Chinese novel: Arthur Waley's abridgment 'Monkey'is great for getting the flavour of Wu Cheng'en's timeless novel but this complete translation by W.J.F Jenner, illustrated with many Ching period woodcuts, is a true delight and one at last appreciates the scope of 'Journey to the West' in all its amazing detail - it's a masterwork perhaps comparable to J.R.R Tolkien's 'Lord of the Rings' and the narrative is rich with weird adventures, bizarre and comedic episodes, wild combats, spiritual and poetic interludes and charged throughout with esoteric Taoist, alchemical and Buddhist symbolism as we follow the way via many vicissitudes to the Western Heaven and the Greater Vehicle scriptures with our heroes, the monk Tripitaka who is a sort of everyman on the spiritual quest through life, the irrepressible Monkey, who represents the mercurial mind so hard to control, and also the amazing magical powers of the immortal Taoist adept which nonetheless need to learn to be motivated and guided by the higher quality of Compassion and placed in the service of the enlightened Buddha-nature. Pigsy of course stands for the lower appetites and is a hilarious glutton and Friar Sand is a strange and earnest figure who defies definition. It would be a faint spirit indeed who could not take pleasure in the cunning strategems and heroic antics of the irascible Monkey King, the Great Sage Equalling Heaven - these characters are archetypal aspects of each of us and their great quest mirrors the journey of the spirit. This 3 volume translation is a joy to read and the exquisite poems which are embedded throughout really add to the full appreciation of this wonderful and intricate novel. Like 'The Golden Ass' of Apuleius it is richly humorous but beneath the phantastic episodes and the wild japes there is a serious message and purpose and the 'Journey to the West' is a profoundly spiritual novel. Was there ever a hero like the Handsome Monkey King!!
Wonderful
Funny, witty, thought provoking. An absolute treat.
quality book.
excellent value and prompt delivery
A long read but well worth the time.
This is the first half of the story of Sun Wukong, the Monkey-King, the piggy Shu Wuneng and the terrible Sha Wujing who in the Tang-time converted to Buddhism to accompaign the Tang-priest Sanzang to the Westerly Heaven - today's India - to find Buddha, show him reference and return to the country of Tang with some Scriptures. Starting with Monkey's brith and teaching up to his revolt in the Heavenly Palace and his following banishment this book tells about how the four came together and about the first half of their monsters-, demons- and other things infested journey. It is also a show and an indirect discussion of Taoism, Buddhism and Konfuzianism and how this philosophical schools have influenced each other. The story of Monkey and his comrades has often been adapted to other forms, like movies, plays, TV-serials, and comics (e.g. "Dragonball") and is starting with its creation in the 16th century certainly one of the most influential pieces of literature - even if outside of China most people have seldom heard of it. The edition in hand is quite comprehensive, but the editing is a bit sloppy, so that quite often homophones have been mixed in the final text, which makes the reading a bit strenuous in parts. For this - not for the quality of the work itself - one star has been deducted.
Una edición compacta y completa de la obra a un precio inmejorable. Son cuatro volúmenes y la calidad del papel es buena para una edición compacta. Hay ilustraciones de la epoca y una buena introducción ademas la editorial es para mi garantía.
I'm still on Book One and I'm finding it a great read.  I haven't been this engrossed in a mythical work since Lord of the Rings.  This work predates that great work by centuries.  I love the mix of poetry and prose,  that conveys what I imagine is true to the original Chinese.  I love it.
Please be careful when buying these sets! Twice now I have purchased thinking all 4 volumes are included but unfortunately only 1 book has been given
Parfait état, délais raisonnables.
Amazing storytelling
The books are awesome! The product came very quickly and in pristine condition!
Bought it for my son & was exactly as he expected it!!😊
Great condition
Product was as expected, on time and at a good price.
This is a distillation of Yu’s faithful translation of the 100 chapter, 4-volume The Journey to the West, the part historical, part mythical epic of Chinese literature which has been the basis for numerous movies, animes. and memes.  The essential first 8 chapters of the original, which tell how Monkey becomes a force to be reckoned with, are condensed to 7; most of the trimming comes after the divine monk Tripitaka Tang sets out to bring Buddhist scriptures from India back to China, since his encounters with obstacles become a bit repetitive in the long version. The monk is actually the incarnation of a Heavenly being who volunteered to suffer human birth in order to bring the means of enlightenment to the people of the East. But once he is mortal he will lose his divine perceptions and be vulnerable to illusions, deceptions, and wrong thinking, so he is assigned 4 assistants, all of them immortals who have fallen into disgrace one way or another. (Don’t drop a teacup or set fire to Heavenly curtains, and especially don’t steal all the peaches.) Their task is to transport him safely, thereby winning their freedom to return to their former estates. This assignment is made difficult by several factors. At least two of the disciples loathe each other and are forever squabbling and fighting. Pigsy is lazy and wants to go back to eating meat and having sex; Monkey wants to go back to being King of the Flower Fruit Mountain. Only the gold fillets that act like 16th century tasers keep the unruly disciples from rebellion. Thieves and politicians bar their way. The major difficulty, however, is that every monster who wants a short cut to immortality, bypassing all that tedious self-cultivation, wants to devour the monk, for it is widely known that even one mouthful of Tripitaka’s flesh will prolong life, and making a meal of him will bestow longevity. Time and time again Monkey exerts himself on the monk’d behalf, saving Tripitaka from hungry monsters who disguise themselves as damsels in distress or feeble patriarchs, when they don’t simply capture the travelers by a frontal assault. The story is magnificent adventure, incorporating poetry, allusions to esoteric medicine and meditation practices, breathtaking descriptions of travel, ferocious fight sequences, and braggadocio exchanges between combatants. It is so refreshing to encounter a classic that isn’t inherently a tragedy based on war or lust for power, thirst for revenge. Instead, this epic centers around a quest to benefit all of creation by promoting enlightenment. In the style of the poems included in this translation, here is a summary: From a mountain stone egg is born The Mind Monkey. This one studies the Tao, Masters transformations and defeats the lords of death, Devours immortal peaches and Heavenly feasts, Challenges the divine champions, Defeating all — all but one. Only Quanyin’s intercession Frees Monkey to pursue once again The Way as a Heavenly monk’s disciple, One of four magical beings who serve and guard Tripitaka Tang on his quest for scriptures. Not always willingly. Pigsy loves earthy pleasures, Monkey resorts to violence. Over mountains and across rivers, Eluding traps and subduing demons, The five companions refine their spirits. Who will find the Way within the way?
First off: I'm really glad this was an abridgment-- the 100-chapter, four-volume complete story sounds utterly overwhelming. I've read long books, and I've read the entire Harry Potter series multiple times, but classic books are at time more difficult to digest than modern novels. Secondly, remember that this story is hundreds of years old. Some of the story-telling styles are old-school. If you've read other ancient books and stories, you might know what I mean. It's not organized the way a modern story might be, and while it is entertaining, it had its own religious goals as well. But don't forget to enjoy the ridiculous antics the characters often take part in. This leads me to my next point: it helped me to have some background knowledge before reading this book. While the translator/editor of this book adds a few footnotes, it doesn't explain the basics. To enjoy this story more, I would recommend attaining a little background knowledge of Buddhism, Confucianism, Daoism, and ancient China. But no worries on becoming an expert! This is still an enjoyable story, at times adventurous and at times hilarious. I had to look up some things such as "what does 'kowtow' mean?" and "what are the eight trigrams?" and the like. But as I familiarized myself with this book and its contents, I began to understand some of the references to it. For example, I discovered that many animes draw on mythologies, including this story. Goku in Dragon Ball is based on the monkey of this book, as is a tailed beast in Naruto. Other references (especially in anime, but not exclusively) came not directly from this book, but from religious characters/items/stories/etc. mentioned in this book. I feel like I learned a lot both in reading this book and seeking to understand not only the story itself, but the background that goes into it.
This labor of love from Anthony Yu is an amazing translation for English readers!  In the preface Mr. Yu discusses his reasons for wanting to provide a culturally accurate translation for English readers.  Being a native speaker of Chinese and growing up in the culture as well as being a professor of Asian studies and history in an English speaking country is really what makes this translation so amazing.  The footnotes at the bottom of each page were an especially nice detail. Oftentimes with weighty classics like this all the footnotes are either at the end of the book with the appendices or at the end of the chapter.  This leads to a lot of fumbling around and flipping pages back and forth and can subsequently take you out of your reading experience.  It is also easier, at least for me, to forget some of the context of what I was reading doing all this flipping back and forth.  Not only do the footnotes themselves add immensely to the depth of understanding of the material but having them at the bottom of the page they are referencing makes reading easy and enjoyable.  Culture specific footnotes really helped me understand the intensity of the situations I was reading about as well as just how funny this book is. As far as the story itself I think everyone should read it.  The story is hilarious and surprisingly modern in its storytelling despite the time it was written.  So many of the most famous animes in pop culture clearly have taken major inspiration from this story.  DBZ alone has ripped off so many elements you'll find yourself laughing at the similarities if you have ever watched DB or DBZ. Highly, HIGHLY recommend!!  Read now please!
This long but nevertheless abbreviation of the Chinese classic story of the journey from China to India of the Buddhist monk Tripitaka to bring to China manuscripts of the teachings of the Buddha. The characters are spectacular, especially Monkey whose magical performances save the mission from disaster. The bizarre adventures involving magic and courage are at times very amusing and always astonishing at the invention and imagination of those who wrote this amazing and highly readable, scholarly translated work. The story has been translated into many languages, made into films and simplified versions published for children. Not to be missed.
Ugh, this is just not an entertaining read for me.  The humor may bring a chuckle to Asian readers of the 16th century Ming dynasty but this is way too dry for me.  I would suggest checking it out from a library prior to purchasing it to see if it is what you expected.  Just because everyone else tells you that the monkey is handsome don't believe them, like the Emperor of old, he wears no clothes.
GREAT book. I have never read the 1942 version but I imagine it must leave out a LOT. Considering Anthony C Yu's full unabridged version is 4 times the length of his here abridged version, this version is a great starting point. A must read for all interested in Chinese literature and a MUST for all Dragonball fans! You really get a sense of Goku and his world by reading this classic epic story.
Good translation and the abbreviated version maintains the spirit and I don't feel like I miss much by not purchasing each individual tome
Cool book. LOTS of typos. Is it hard to pay people to read these things before you publish them?
You probably need to appreciate ancient Chinese culture and it’s historic interaction with Buddhism to appreciate this novel. This was a delightful journey with a group of colorful characters that keep struggling to learn and grow. The rhythm of the story telling becomes a fun structure for these little adventures. I didn’t miss the unabridged version for a moment.
Incredibly well written such that it seems to preserve the culture and voice of the original work. It is excellent, and does not feel like you're reading sparknotes, which is the experience I had with a different translated abridgement of Journey to the West.
Loved this version and sent it as a birthday gift to my son, who loved it as well. Great story to share with your kids. Recommend it all over the place.
I love 'Journey to the West' - the story is China's version of 'The Canterbury Tales', and the tales found within are both seminal works of Chinese literature and rewarding reads in and of themselves.  For this particular edition, Anthony Yu does a good job of translating into English: the prose text is very readable, and Yu's footnotes provide a lot of help on obscure references to Chinese superstitions and Buddhist heritage.  The translations of the poems are somewhat less satisfying, and I found myself frequently skipping over them to read just the prose storyline.  My main complaint is with the books Yu decides to include here: out of the 100 chapters of the full edition, Yu includes only the 31 chapters that are crucial to the plotline.  As a result, you get the barebones story, but some of the best-written and most comical subplots are left out.  All in all, though, a pretty good read, especially for anyone looking for the middle ground between the comic book versions and the full 4-volume 100-chapter text.
What a great book, I was sad when I got to the end that there was no more. Its amazing it was written hundreds of years ago and still has relevant moderns themes and insights. The mix of Taoism, Buddhism and Confucianism is special. Such an unusual story of myth, fairytale, proverb and religion, all with beautiful imagery and fun.
If a story seemed too long because of the vast amount of volume and you just want a good read in one book. This is it. Journey to the West is an epic that needs to be read and this is the version to read in one go.
This is a superb printing of this translation in a manageable soft cover.
Anthony Yu indeed is an excellent translator, summing up the most essential chapters to give a flavor of the importance spiritual depth of this book. It will engage readers to want to study further in his full translation version!
One of the best told stories of all time. Thank you!
The story is so full of adventure , I can see why it's still so popular after so long !
a classical must read chinese epic
I guess it alright.
Very interesting book!
This is the best translation you will find Anthony C Yu has really made this book shine, it displays all that only people who can read Chinese could only know until now ,previous books in English on the monkey king have been dry and lacking in spirit this book is beautifully descriptive and spiritually deep at the same time,but don't let the word spiritual throw you off this book is full of adventure and excitement, not a boring moment to be found. .P.S. this is the abridged version of the 3 volume full version.I usually don't bother with abridged books but got this one to read to my [...]son,not only does my son love this,but I love just as much as the whole set
After reading the complete set a few years ago, I thought it would be fun to re-read the abridged version when it came out. As far as I can tell, the author has simply selected certain chapters from the full set to create this one book version. I'm realizing now that I don't really want to "skip" chapters! What's the rush anyhow? When I finish this, I'll be looking for my next book to read. I believe the first 15 chapters are the same in BOTH versions; so if unsure, you could start with the short one and switch over...
Glad to have it.
This an abridgement of a famous Chinese novel beloved by kids and adults all over as Asia. Unfortunately this a not very readable translation that appears to be aimed at scholars, The choice of multisylabic  words where simple words. There is also a lot a obscure Buddhist and  Taoist poetry interspersed in the text that I could not head nor tails of. Very distracting from the story.
This book is a great book to use to learn about Chinese culture. The story here is a classical of Chinese literature and is written in a way that makes it clear for anyone to understand. A good read.
TMatM tells a story that happens to be one of the most well-known tales in Asia: "The Monkey King's Journey to the West". The story is profound and funny - and very different from any tale you may hear in this  side of the globe. By reading it, you get to know a lot about the basis of a whole culture. The Monkey King was the inspiration - direct or otherwise - for many mangá creators. Suggested for people who are really interested in the Asian culture.
Mr Yu already translated the entire book and did it very well. That translation has been extant for around 30 years. So why publish only a little readers digest condensed one? I want the whole thing for my Kindle. I would be happy to pay commensurately with the increased volume. Come on give us a break, people who read this stuff at all want the whole thing.
Interesting to note that Xuanzang's journey coincided with the Taoist alchemist's failed attempt to create the elixir of life (immortality). He blundered into gunpowder instead, thus sending mankind down the road to Prometheus, Pandora, and perdition rather than up and over the fabled hill of Sisyphus to the Shangri-la realm of Asklepios and Panacea. The tamed Monkey controlled initially by a fillet and later by himself represents the victory of Buddhism's metaphorical immortality over Taoism's failed experiments in real immortality.  Had Tony Yu made this point in his preface, I'd have given him 5 stars. Note:  Joseph Needham is very good on Taoist alchemy and gunpowder.
1) The translation is poor.  For example, when Sun Wukong ("Monkey") calls himself "lao3 sun1" in Chinese, Yu translates that into "old Monkey."  This is just dumb.  Something like a plain "I" or "this old monkey" would have worked better.  There are many such examples.  The translated English text almost requires you to know Chinese to understand.  Definitely not for the masses. 2) I can't believe most of the stories in the 2nd half of the original novel are omitted.  This abridged edition seems to focus on the first half of the Xiyouji ("Journey to the West") novel.  Great stories like the Ox King and the nymphs are completely cut out.  This is just absolutely terrible.  On the other hand, the uninteresting, semi-religious side stories about the origin of Xuanzang (Tang Sanzang) are kept.  What's more, all those poems in the chapters that are included here are retained -- you know, Chinese poems (shi and ci) that are extremely difficult to translate which should have been left out of an abridged edition. In short, don't get this book.  It's absolutely terrible and a waste of money.  You might as well get the unabridged translation, by either Yu (expensive) or by Waley (old but affordable).  But if you really want to appreciate the great novel, you should study Chinese (5-6 years full-time) and then read the original Chinese edition.
I brought the book to read at a book group and it elicited an excellent wide ranging discussion.
Great abridgment of a Chinese classic - still feels like you're reading something ancient without being totally incomprehensible.
Just as ordered.
[The Journey to the West (西遊記) is so well-known a story in Chinese culture that I won't bother to review the story as such, but will focus on the translation.  This book is the first volume of a four-volume translation.  This review covers all four volumes.] Any translation of a literary work, let alone between languages as different as Chinese and English are, is an exercise in compromise and cleverness.  A particular sentence in Chinese—even a single phrase—can be rendered in numerous ways in English, each one of them carrying a different set of nuances.  To maintain narrative flow, though, the translator must choose just one of those ways, which represents an indelible choice as to what aspect of the original will be conveyed to the reader.  That is the compromise.  The cleverness comes in the insight and deftness with which the translator crafts and arranges those choices into a coherent whole. It is said that one should always translate into one's "A language"—that is, the language in which one is most fluent.  But Dr Anthony Yu was a native Chinese speaker, and although years of teaching in the United States made him fluent in English, it was still not his primary language.  It is a testament to his genius and his decades of work on this, a story that he describes as near and dear to his heart, that this English version is as faithful to the Chinese original as can be hoped, and yet reads as sprightly and as uproariously as though it were, in fact, the original. Something must be done with those nuances, though.  Some translators choose to insert them directly into the body of the work, as Howard Goldblatt does in his translation of Mo Yan's Life and Death are Wearing Me Out.  But perhaps The Journey to the West is too full of Buddhist, Daoist, and other cultural allusions for them to be adequately captured in a passing sentence.  So Yu's translation is copiously endnoted, and these notes are full of fascinating material on the religious and philosophical environment in which both the story is written and its action takes place.  Included also are scholarly citations that justify, with a degree of rigor that will probably be overlooked by the average reader, all the various word and phrasing choices he made.  In some cases, Yu's study has even found errors in the original text. The first volume of this translation adds an introduction that describes the textual history of this story, Wu Cheng'en's presumed authorship, biographical sketches of the real people depicted in the novel, and Wu's motivations for writing it, and them, the way that he did.  These additions admirably fill out the narrative and setting delivered to us so seamlessly by Yu.  Other translations may have quainter charm or somewhat more fluid English, but this one provides such a complete perspective on the novel that it presents itself immediately as the de facto standard.  A must have for the dedicated reader.
The Journey to the West is a lengthy 16th century novel, regarded as one of the four great classics of Chinese literature. The author of the book is uncertain, but is thought to be Wu Cheng'en. This volume contains the first twenty-five chapters of the hundred-chapter narrative, plus extensive notes and a ninety-six-page introduction by the translator, Anthony C. Yu. I found the introduction a difficult read, no doubt due to my prior ignorance about almost everything it covered. But the introduction was helpful, and I am glad I labored through it. The book itself defied my expectations. It was neither dry, nor dense, nor inscrutable. To my surprise, it appears to have been intended to be fun, and, despite the intervening centuries, I often found it such. The narrative is a fantastical retelling of Xuanzang's pilgrimage to India to obtain Buddhist scriptures, a pilgrimage that took place roughly a thousand years before "The Journey to the West" was written. In the retelling, there are gods, monsters, dragons, trickery, humor, and a plethora of epic fights. There is also a remarkably large amount of poetry, serving both as description and commentary, and the poetry lightened the reading. Since this volume contains only the first quarter of the story, I will postpone further comments for now.
Journey to the West was my birthday present to my husband — and he loved it. He read a couple of pages to me, and it put me to sleep. Reading the complete work is a labor of love for a scholarly person deeply interested in sixteenth-century Chinese culture and its integration of Taoism, Buddhism and Confucianism. The four hefty volumes offer a mythological and allegorical version of Xuanzang’s journey to acquire scriptures in India. Ordeals along the way illustrate the stages of spiritual transformation. Xuanzang and his disciples are manifestations of the religious seeker. Dealing with the ordeals reads a bit like a detective story. Investigation reveals that the demons are often escapees from heaven. According to my husband, who read every word of the four volumes including the footnotes, the series is a fabulous exposition of Taoist internal alchemy and Chinese Buddhism.
I've read Journey to the West, Yu's translation, every few years for the last decade or so now. It's wonderful, and improves with every reading. There are layers of meaning, and I really appreciate Yu's scholarly footnotes. Unfortunately, the Kindle version is a bit of a mess. The Chinese characters are FAR too small to read (they're smaller than the smallest-size font, and can't be resized). This is extremely frustrating, since much of the word-play, and some of the important concepts hinge on the characters used. This needs to be fixed. I'd say, if you haven't read Journey to the West, read it. But stick with paper for the time being.
My 11-yr old boy loves it! He’s instantly hooked and enjoys sharing Sun Wuking’s adventures with me. I grew up reading it back in China but my son was born in the US and does not read Chinese, I’ve waited so long for him to appreciate Chinese classics! Thanks to the translator and Amazon!
I am only halfway through this book and I love it.  The story is so enticing that I don't want to put the book down.  The introduction was very boring but helped in better understanding of the story and should not be skipped.  Journey to the West is one of the top four books from China.  This book is worthy of every bit of the reputation I have heard.  My only regret is not having read this book earlier in life....as the saying goes...better late than never. Recommended reading.
I read the four-volume revised Kindle edition of this book, translated by Anthony C. Yu. The story is the fictive rendition of a journey made by a 7th century Buddhist monk, Xuanzang, during the Tang Dynasty. He undertook his famous, nearly two decade-long pilgrimage in order to study Buddhism and acquire original Sanskrit texts of the religion from India. When he returned to China, he translated many of the original texts to Chinese, thus leaving a decisive legacy on Chinese Buddhism. Some of the pilgrim's original scrolls are saved in a pagoda inside Xingijao Temple near today's Xian. The story starts with the mystical events of a creature becoming the (Handsome) Monkey King. Through various twists and turns, he acquires great skills and a variety of supernatural power which he will continue to use throughout the book. Some mischievous acts in Heaven land him in trouble but upon the departure of Xuanzang - in the book also called the Tang Monk or Tripitaka after the Three Baskets of Buddhism that held the 3 original Buddhist scrolls - from the Emperor's palace, the Monkey King is given the opportunity to become the disciple and protector of the Monk. In the first phase of the long journey Tripitaka is granted two additional converted vicious monsters as his disciples: Eight Rules who has the appearance of a pig and Sha Monk who has the look of a water buffalo. To complete the mystical traveling company, a water monster is enforced to serve as the replacement of Tripitaka's deceased horse. The bulk of the story is the description of the group's arduous traveling through impenetrable forests, burning mountains, and dangerous rushing rivers. They encounter countless demons, spirits, monsters, dragons, and fiends who invariably want to devour the guiltless Tripitaka. This enhanced interest in the Tang Monk as a culinary delight roots from his purity that is thought to guarantee extremely long life to the cannibalistic food connoisseurs. With his boundless ingenuity and smarts the Monkey King leads the three disciples to defend the Monk. For the contemporary reader, the story has a few stumbling blocks, not the least of which is the length of almost 2400 pages. In the book one will find numerous repetitions where the four main heroes tend to recite some of their earlier adventures in various situations when they meet new characters. The reader is already fully aware of these events and they tend to slow down the flow of the story. One can skip these paragraphs however, without losing much from the narration. For some readers another obstacle could be the numerous poems and songs throughout the book. In my rough estimation 15-20% of the text may well be poetry. The poems are enjoyable and usually provide finer details of, or clarifications to, the main story. As such, they are more functionally part of the book then in another classic pillar of ancient Chinese literature, the poetry in the Dreams of the Red Mansion. In that book the poems and songs are highly transcendent with the purpose of providing insight into the characters' inner selves. I skimmed through many, but not all poems. Others may decide to skip the poems altogether but those who decide to read them in even greater details, will experience an enhanced overall literary beauty of the book. Of the four characters, the Monkey King is by far the best portrayed one and the main reason I gave not 3 but 4 stars to this book. He is an absolute riot; a perfect timeless embodiment of a bad guy turned good who has a curiously complex psyche with a mixture of self-adoration, self-assuredness, mischief, steadfast loyalty, courage, wisdom, practicality, and, on the top of everything, a great sense of humor. Typical of him is the name he has chosen to himself early in the story: The Great Sage Equal to Heaven. Among all the fictive characters I have encountered in my readings, the Monkey King has become one of my all time favorites for his colorful and likeable temperament and for the exquisite perfection with which he has been portrayed. Although the Tang Monk is formally the lead-hero of the story, he really pales in comparision to the Monkey King. He is the most benevolent, spiritually pure individual imaginable who is singularly driven by his unshakable convictions and principled Buddhist mind. Unfortunately, he is also gullible to the point of annoyance and this brings a copious amount of trouble to the poor Monkey King. Eight Rules is a secondary character whose personality is also drawn with an expert pen. He is stupid, yet quite capable in many ways. His loyalty to the Monk never feels solidified, however he seems to function perfectly well under the critical tutelage of the Monkey King and the exculpation of the high-minded Tripitaka. The character of the third disciple, Sha Monk, is far less complete than the previous three and doesn't deserve particular attention in this review. Overall, the book in its full length is not an easy read. I recommend it mostly to those tickled by a potential glimpse into the spirituality of an ancient world, namely the Tang Dynasty, from the perspective of a much later, but still very old, time, namely the late Ming Dynasty. What a rare privilege to enjoy such a treasure! An abridged English translation is also available for those curious readers with a more tepid interest. Additional information: The book has served as inspiration for multiple movies, TV shows, stage plays, and comics. I saw one of these adaptations, Alakazam the Great. This Japanese cartoon film, although adorable in its own right, in no way should be considered a faithful presentation of the original story. I've also read the Ultimate Journey: Retracing the Path of an Ancient Buddhist Monk Who Crossed Asia in Search of Enlightenment, by Richard Bernstein. The book adds a unique, modern-time perspective to this ancient story.
We went to China this summer and visited the mountain where the monkey king has his office. Since we had never read the story we decided to purchase it. It’s a long read, so it is going to take us a while.
For anyone into Chinese culture and Eastern  spirituality.  This is a tale (which I believe is non-fiction like everything else including the leprechaun) where you can compare yourself to the main character (Sun Wukong) and evolve with it, see yourself as a forever evolving leader. This monkey was not always godly but after learning lessons through pain you see the evolution of his character. This journey has many sub-characters too and I recommend you read this with patience and excitement both. It's a good laugh.
Very interesting story!  The intro was as well, a bit long and academic, but educational. The book came in good condition, smelled a little like cigarettes for some reason, but basically brand new.
A great translation, perfect for beginners just learning the story of the monkey king or for advanced students who want to study the text in more detail. This book helped me learn about the role Taoism and Buddhism in ancient Chinese culture, and it gave me a familiarity with one of China's most beloved folk tales.
Having read Waley's abridged edition "Monkey," a good amount of these opening chapters were familiar.  Nonetheless, Yu's translation reads differently enough and the complete series of events is captivating enough, that I had no desire to skip straight to Volume 2.  I wish I had had the good sense to just read a complete translation the first time.  I even find Tripitaka ever so slightly less awful thanks to Yu's introduction which offers some historical background. I thoroughly enjoyed the volume.
The book contains a lot of helpful footnotes explaining some of the lesser known cultural references. The story itself takes a lot of time to get going, but if you can motivate yourself to keep reading you are treated to a journey, equal to that of the oddysey, even if Tripitaka is annoying to say the least.
I bought this for myself after watching some interesting videos about the journey to the west. I am super excited to read it and learn more. My only dislike so far is that the package came bent in a corner and caused a bend in the book corner too.
Always I had loved this stoy since childhood with its different incarnations on tv and movies, and reading the actual story wrote in the 16 century is an Awesome experience. The introduction is a lil long but necessary to understand all the history and allegories that the story has, as Daoism, Buddhism & Confucianism. So isn't a children story as a lot of people used to see it..but a a TRUE literary work.
I fell in love with this story when i was a little kid, watching the japanese tv show from the 70s called 'monkey'. i love that show.. it is awesome. when i was in primary school, i read an english abridged version of the journey to the west. it enjoyed it, but i always wanted to read the full story. but i cant read chinese so i was never able to. until today, when i found out that a full unabridged english translation of it had been completed and available to purchase this year!  I bought all four volumes of this immediately on my kindle.. and I felt so great having the complete novel on my kindle, ready for me to read at my leisure.  I wanted to write this review to thank Anthony Yu, who i read spent 6 years translating this novel.  I am so thankful!  Thank you Mr Yu! And thank you Wu Chen En for writing this marvellous tale all those centuries ago.
This is a wonderful book, especially meaningful to students of the Tao.  I haven't finished it yet, because I am savoring it.  I would highly recommend the book.
This is a very readable translation of the Chinese classic, much better than a translation I attempted several years ago.. Not knowing Mandarin, I cannot vouch for the accuracy, but it seems complete. I am halfway through Volume 2. I recommend for anyone trying to gain a background in Chinese literature, along with Romance of the Three Kingdoms and The Outlaws of the Marsh by Luo Guanzhong. All of the new Kindle versions are very good.
A comprehensive and entertaining take on a Chinese classic :-)
My son wanted this book. He has read it already and wants the next one. Maybe after Christmas.Super fast shipping.
Great edition of this classic book.
I have many translations of this Chinese classic, as well as the original Chinese version.  If you want a real feel for this story, you cannot go wrong with this version.  Yes, it is long, but so is the original.  If you are looking for a very condensed, but well done version, I would also recommend the Arthur Waley translation!!
This is a quite stilted "professor's translation" of a classic work of literature. I can't read the original, but since this was popular writing in its day, it's hard to believe it is anything like this in the original. I discovered Arthur Waley's version (published under the title "Monkey") after I bought this, and I regret the purchase. I find it unreadable. The good doctor is to be commended for his exhausting effort to translate the entire work, which Waley did not undertake. But Yu has merely a good student's grasp of English, and writing literary English is beyond his powers, while Waley at his best has real gifts. I'd recommend this translation only if you simply must have the entire work.
The best English translation i've ever found. This masterpiece contains a lot of meaningful cultivation practice principles. Totally worth reading.
I always get pulled in the beautiful world of this fairy tale legend. Highly recommended!
Best book ever. Wonderful reading indeed. Never read a better book. Better than expected. Recommend to everyone who wants a good read.
Exciting, vivid, descriptive, engaging story. Good read for fantasy and mythology fans. In some parts language is a bit archaic but overall very good. Just started Volume 2.
the critical introduction is what makes this issue valuable
Great. happy with product and service.
best book ever
not the easiest read
A masterpiece
I read this translation together with the Chinese original, the authoritative Renmin Wenxue Chuban Se edition (third edition, released in 2010). My overall impression is that this translation is well done. Prof Yu strives to translate every single character, so the minor flattening-out found in the Jenner version isn't found here. However, at the highest level of criticism, the translation lacks a little of the brio and fun found in Waley's highly abridged "Monkey". Yu's somewhat slavish adherence to the original text yields dividends, yet at the same time sacrifices a bit of the verve. I found myself preferring to read the Chinese despite it being more difficult (a feature of the somewhat abstruse vocabulary). Another point to note is that the original writer has a very wide vocabulary, which isn't that noticeable in Yu's translation (he tends to tone down some of the more difficult words). Nonetheless, Yu's version must remain the best translation of "Journey to the West", though I won't say it's definitive like Moss Roberts' "Three Kingdoms" version for "Sanguo Yanyi". What is really splendid about this edition is a lengthy and scholarly introduction which helps lay readers understand the Daoist and textual background of "Xiyouji", and Yu's book may be recommendable for that alone.
Years ago I spent two-and-a-half years reading this and the other three volumes of this novel aloud as a bed time story to a lover who had listed it as her next birthday present. At the end of close to 3,000 pages I said to myself, "I'm never going to have to read another novel because nothing out there now will ever touch this work of art." After perhaps an 18-year novel reading hiatus I picked up the habit again, but still in light of The Journey to the West, I really don't know if it is worth the time and money. Over time those volumes slipped away as once-read books tend to do and so I bought this, and plan to buy the rest, just to keep them close and occasionally read a chapter or two at bed time to my wife.
The book cannot be enjoyed without the reader having a basic exposure to Chinese culture and history.
great is it. awesome it is. cool it is. good it is very. great book it is very much. great job. i like super much. best book ive ever read.
I've known about Journey to the west since I was a kid, it's deeply popular in asian culture. I've seen 3 different tv shows about it. If I had read this book before watching those shows, I would've thought Journey to the West was awful. The translation is extremely dry. I think it would've been better if the author took liberties and wrote the story himself rather than do a direct translation. If you are really interested in this story, watch a subtitled version of the tv show. There's not much to be had in these translated books.
I enjoy serious fairy tales; Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter, etc. This is the Chinese version of the Hobbit as a prelude to Lord of the Rings. It is exceptionally sourced and cross-referenced--a little tedious at times but impossible to put down through all 4 voumes.
Good book to read if you are visiting China! I wanted a sense of literature from China, it was perfect.
I would like to read this, but $20 for a Kindle book, any Kindle book, is outrageous. The publishers are getting far too greedy.
I liked the look on my granddaughters face when she opened the package, it said everything.
Reading Journey to the West is a fairly mammoth task. It is long: I've seen the statistic that it is twice the length of Tolstoy's War and Peace. Be prepared to navigate your way through the tricky to translate metaphors in the poems, characters who use a wide variety of names and a narrative structure unlike anything a present day Western reader is expecting. Also be prepared to discover endearing characters, beautiful word use and a sense of humour and fun that defies time and cultural divides, assisted by a very thorough, accessible and beautifully written translation by Anthony Yu. When I wasn't too engrossed in the story, the footnotes at the back provided an excellent explanation of what various turns or phrase refer to and lead me to learn so much about Chinese mythology and history. While I expected that it would be a long slog to get through the first volume, I found I'd read it very quickly. Now the only thing holding me back from continuing the journey is having to purchase the next volume! As a PS, someone who is starting to read should try keeping a "Xuanzang falls off his horse" count. He seems to do it quite frequently, made me giggle every time...
Bought as a gift for my cousin, lovely book. Really interesting cover.
Very good edition, comprehensive and easy to read. A very big though, not one to carry around with you.
A good introduction to the Chinese classics, easy to read and enjoy, yet amazingly deep as well. Well worth reading.
this book is so good! I'm definitely going to e getting volume 2
Beautiful
This was probably the most difficult read of the year for me. Just getting through the introduction, which is almost half the length of the book, had me writing notes just to keep it clear. It requires a second read.
Obwohl die Einleitung etwas ermüdend sein kann, ist es doch hilfreich, sich ohne Kenntnis der chinesischen Religion(en) durch sie zu kämpfen. Danach liesst sich das Buch wirklich toll. Eine packende Geschichte! Gute Englischkenntnisse sind allerdings Voraussetzung - daher ein Punkt Abzug. Freue mich auf Band II.
If you like a bit of Monkey madness (Arthur Waley translation) and want to understand better the religion, history and philosophy underlying the original Journey to the West and Chinese religion in general then this is the book for you. A really enjoyable translation with lots of footnotes for those interested. Oh and still plenty of laughs! If the Chinese stare at you when you start laughing out loud just say XiYouJi and it will be laughs all round! The kindle version was very easy to navigate.
Testo fondamentale della cultura e letteratura classica cinese del XVI secolo, in una traduzione moderna, puntuale, scientifica, poetica e leggibile. Molto divertente la cosmogonia cinese.
This whole series I mean all four volumes, its just amazing. Beautiful poems, wow and of course the stories. Its worth a read at least for me.
Great book a little bit too poectic at times but good overall
This is the second volume of Anthony C. Yu's four-volume translation of the Chinese classic, "The Journey to the West." As with the first volume, it is quite different than I'd originally anticipated. Far from being a dry, difficult, worthy tome, it is filled with taunts, trickery, battles, monsters, and a generous helping of poetry. The narrative is episodic and repetitive, but connections between the various events help thread it together. I had intended to read a chapter a day, but was often tempted into more. Although there is a great deal of violence, the tone is very light. Suffice it to say, I didn't expect a Chinese classic to contain a scene where three of the heroes pass off their piss as holy water. A radical concept: literature is allowed to be fun.
This is a classic series of stories that every child in China knows.  The characters are very popular.  I can now understand some comments made by Chinese speakers and TV news commentators that make allusions to this classic.  This is one of the four volumes translated by the author.  The books are heavily footnoted and suitable for serious study by English speaking persons interested in Chinese culture.  The main issue I have with the series of books is that there is a lot of repetition--based on how the stories were told over the ages.  A minor issue is that many footnotes refer to other volumes--but the Kindle edition does not give an immediate link to the other volumes.
The good: Some very funny stories, especially one where our hero's serve up some "golden Elixir" to some abusive Daoists. Almost made me tumble down the chair. Good veriety in settings. Lots of usefull footnotes to explain the more cryptic terms, phrases to western readers. The Bad: Deus ex machina resolutions, Little to no character development. All Tripitaka does is cry(literally) and complain, which makes him really annoying. The demons are, for the most part, terribly singleminded.
While this continues to have some of the flaws of other ancient epics (in particular, the incidents are somewhat repetitious) Yu's translation is an easy and enjoyable read.  On to Volume 3.
A must read book for all avid readers around the world!  Brought the whole series from this author's since I like the story and wanted to own the entire book collection of Journey to the West.  It is one of the best book I read in my life  and believed me, I read over 2,000 books in 20 yrs.  After reading JW Book 1, I wanted to read the other 3 JW books since I was totally hooked into the story once I read book 1 of JW.  Amazing story telling!
I have many translations of this Chinese classic, as well as the original Chinese version.  If you want a real feel for this story, you cannot go wrong with this version.  Yes, it is long, but so is the original.  If you are looking for a very condensed, but well done version, I would also recommend the Arthur Waley translation!!
This is part two of one of the four great written masterpieces of China, beautifully translated by Professor Yu.  It is, I believe, the closest English speakers will get to the original Chinese text.  Occasional awkwardness of wording in the translation is unavoidable as this work has gone from its original to a greatly contrasting culture. Do not let this discourage you as you read, let it instead encourage you to learn to read the Chinese original. Seeing it via one of the many movies / TV productions available is a great help in enjoying this work.  I highly recommend the CCTV production from mainland China done in both 1986 and 2000.
Although the footnotes sometimes get onerous, they really are necessary for a complete understanding of the culture and content behind this book.  I recommend this, and all the other volumes in this series by Mr. Yu, to anyone interested in the culture, history and/or Tao!  Well worth reading.
My grandson loves this book
Love it !
This translation of the classic novel respects every single detail like the poetry on it
CLASSIC!
volume II, what makes this worth the money is the references and context notes by the translator
One of the greatest stories ever written in the category of fantasy fiction.  Highly recommended.
A masterpiece
As expected
This translation of Journey to the West is awesome.  I'll admit that I haven't read other translations, but, from people that I know that have read the Chinese version, and also seen the Chinese series, and I have discussed the book with them, they say it is a great translation of the book.
This is a great story not just this volume, I really recommend these books to be read by anyone it has everything that a great -great story need. Prepare yourself for a great journey...read the story.
Great. happy with product and service.
A really great book, I could hardly put it down.  The subtle comedy and the continuos action is perfect for anyone above 9 years old.  I LOVED it.
As a student of Chinese culture, this book (and other volumes) is a must. As this is considered a very good translation of the original, it took a while to find. But when I did, well, it did not disappoint.  Whether you're a student of Chinese culture, a curious reader or even a Dragon Ball fan, this book is a highly recommended read. Arrived quite fast and looks like it's new too so thank you :)
Very funny, gives an insight to the traditions and culture of the time of writing, the pace will keep readers on the edge of their seats. Highly recommend it.
This is the second entry in the 4 books and is equally interesting. Same as the first one some poems are just amazing and beautiful and lovely. And of course the story goes on.
The headline sums up my thougths
Very good book, I like it very much, it take some time to read, I hope the translation ist ok.
Anthony Yu grew up hearing the tales of Monkey.  While with the University of Chicago he decided to translate this masterpiece, preserving the verse and as well as the prose sections of this classic work.  One of the great pieces of Chinese literature (along with Dreams of Red Mansions, Three Kingdoms, Outlaws of the Marsh, etc.).  The verse will be stiff at times (Chinese verse into English is always a challenge), while references will easily escape a Western audience, it is still enjoyable for the many adventures, philosophical leanings and even comedic elements that give this classic a timeless feel.  For all it's flaws there really is no better translation into English.
The funny stories present in the first two volumes are almost nowhere to be found in this one (there is one). Moreover several of the stories revolve around sun wukong simply not bothering to inform his allies of the opponent's special items and abilities. The good: *settings and cultural differences between the human regions are well written. * The stories themselves are varied in plots. * Anthony Yu's notes are invaluable for readers who are not eastern culture buffs. The bad: * The demons vary very little exept for in appearance. One demon sounds and acts almost identically to the next. * Tripitaka is still very annoying. * When sun wukong finally comes across a worthy challenge a bodhisattva is almost instantly introduced to resolve the situation. * Characters become feeble or genius level tactician and super slueth to fit the needs of the original author.
I have many translations of this Chinese classic, as well as the original Chinese version.  If you want a real feel for this story, you cannot go wrong with this version.  Yes, it is long, but so is the original.  If you are looking for a very condensed, but well done version, I would also recommend the Arthur Waley translation!!
It's not what you'd imagine from a journey novel. Challenges are overcome less so with violence and more with good ol' trolling. Fun to read!
This is a wonderful translation of one of the Chinese classics. Don't be intimidated by the length, I never tired of the antics of the original Gang of 4. I felt like I had to pick this series up after seeing so many TV sets in Viet Nam with monkey and pig guys flying around on them, and I'm glad I did.
Although the footnotes sometimes get onerous, they really are necessary for a complete understanding of the culture and content behind this book.  I recommend this, and all the other volumes in this series by Mr. Yu, to anyone interested in the culture, history and/or Tao!  Well worth reading.
This is the third volume of Anthony C. Yu's four-volume translation of the Chinese classic, "The Journey to the West." The story continues to be fantastical, violent, and, despite its episodic nature, surprisingly compelling to me. I was reading the previous volume in parallel with Ken Liu's "The Wall of Storms." Once I started this third volume, I decided to shelve Ken Liu's book in favor of Tripitaka and Pilgrim's continuing adventures. For a Chinese classic published over four hundred years ago, the content is far less elevated and far more entertaining than I'd expected. Consider, for instance, this edifying quote, "Even a fart is additional air!" I am now impatiently waiting for Amazon to deliver the final volume.
Of course, this is Chinese culture. If you know Sun Wu Kong you know Chinese people. This edition is scholarly and brings the Jenner edition up to date.
great novel.
A great book. Ahead of its time.  Author did a magnificent job
A masterpiece
As expected
A book worth reading. Although reading the whole series in order is advisable. Enjoy the endless Wisdom offered
These books, all four are very good read. Very entertaining and kept me occupied for a long time. Written in very simple English.
excellent
I have reached, with sadness, the end of my journey through the four-volume, four-hundred-year-old Chinese classic, "The Journey to the West." I plodded through the lengthy but valuable introduction by the translator, Anthony C. Yu, then set off through the hundred fantastical chapters of the story.   It is not a journey for those who like their fiction in small doses. Nor does it fit the mold of most of the fantasy that I love. True, there are dragons and monsters and mythic battles, but of the two main characters, one is an ugly, ultra-violent, supernatural monkey, and the other is a timorous, puritanical monk. Moreover, the narration is less immersed in the characters' viewpoints than I usually prefer, partly because it frequently breaks into poetry. Perhaps the biggest departure from typical fantasy tomes is that the book is largely episodic. It journeys westward without much of a dramatic arc. While individual episodes have their battles and resolutions, the characters and the situation change slowly, sometimes imperceptibly.   Any or all of the above might have deterred me. Had I been in a more cantankerous mood, perhaps they would have done so. Yet they did not. By and large, I liked the digressions into poetry. I accepted the cowardice of one character, the violence of the other, the less-than-immersive narration, the episodic quality more common to television series than to novels. I liked the lightness of tone, the sense of fun. Most of all, I grew fond of the characters, as I think the author was fond of them. I wanted to spend time in their company, and am left now, at the end of the long journey, missing them.
I’m paraphrasing my husband in this review (or trying to). The Journey to the West was my birthday present to him — and he loved it. He read a couple of pages to me, and it put me to sleep. Reading the complete work is a labor of love for a scholarly person deeply interested in sixteenth-century Chinese culture and its integration of Taoism, Buddhism and Confucianism. The four hefty volumes offer a mythological and allegorical version of Xuanzang’s journey to acquire scriptures in India. Ordeals along the way illustrate the stages of spiritual transformation. Xuanzang and his disciples are manifestations of the religious seeker. Dealing with the ordeals reads a bit like a detective story. Investigation reveals that the demons are often escapees from heaven. According to my husband, who read every word of the four volumes including the footnotes, the series is a fabulous exposition of Taoist internal alchemy and Chinese Buddhism.
And it was a "journey," the second longest I've taken but I am very glad to have read it.  Despite a lot of repetition this epic of Chinese literature held my interest through all four volumes and I think I learned a lot.
This is a translation of classic Chinese Buddhism tales.  The writing appears faithful the style of the Chinese stories and old styles of telling stories.  It is worth reading to get a better understanding of tales virtually every Chinese child learns at an early age.  The whole series helped me in my appreciation of Chinese culture.
Very readable translation. I don't know how accurate it is, the poetry seems to be almost too good, but I really enjoyed it. Those who are not familiar with this style might want to start with The Bandits of the Marsh or Romance of the Three Kingdoms before tackling the 4 volumes of the Journey to the West.
I have many translations of this Chinese classic, as well as the original Chinese version.  If you want a real feel for this story, you cannot go wrong with this version.  Yes, it is long, but so is the original.  If you are looking for a very condensed, but well done version, I would also recommend the Arthur Waley translation!!
Fascinating look into the mythology of China.
Hey, this is the "Journey to the West". one of the best fantasy adventures of all times.  I wish I had read it as a child, or had it read to me. It was extremely fun and entertaining. This was the first time I had read the novel.  I had seen a few movies that lead up to or were a truncated version of the actual story.  Finally learning who the "Handsome Monkey King" was enlightening and aided my comprehension of a Taoist text I had read that discusses the "monkey mind" frequently.  While the acknowledged hero in the story is the Buddhist monk who is sent on the journey to the west to retrieve sutras from the Buddha, the real hero is Sun Wukong, the Handsome Monkey King!?! He's the wildest hero I've ever read about.  It takes a while to get the actual journey by all 4 pilgrims but I enjoyed reading how the Sun Wukong became the Monkey King and created such a ruckus in Heaven! Anyone who ever created a comic book or animated superhero must have read or heard of this story and used a variety of Sun Wukong's powers to create their hero.  this will be yet another novel that I'll read at least once per year.
Although the footnotes sometimes get onerous, they really are necessary for a complete understanding of the culture and content behind this book.  I recommend this, and all the other volumes in this series by Mr. Yu, to anyone interested in the culture, history and/or Tao!  Well worth reading.
A masterpiece
As expected
This non abridged version is much more enjoyable than an abridged version I read previously.
Best book ever written ?
The Tang priest, Monkey, Pig and Friar Sand, along with their horse - a transformed river dragon - have to travel from the Tang court in China to the Western Heaven. Their mission: to retrieve the Scriptures from Buddha and deliver them to the Emperor. If they succeed, China will become a happy, prosperous place and the unjustly condemned souls will be rescued. But the journey is fraught with difficulties and deadly perils. In the end it takes 14 years; in the process the four pilgrims meld themselves into a potent, loyal team, win through dozens of unheard-of threats to life and limb, and achieve enlightenment. This is another long classic in the spirit of "Romance of the Three Kingdoms" that goes on and on with twists and turns that take you by surprise, except for the fact - spoiler alert! - that you know that the four heroes must eventually win through, deliver the Scriptures, and achieve enlightenment. A lot of the Buddhist hierarchy shows up unbidden, or is called upon for help by Monkey as he solves problem after problem on the journey West, so it's an entertaining introduction to those folks. The tone is lighthearted; even the constant threats to the Tang priest's life, as monsters try to capture and eat him (thereby obtaining eternal life by consuming a piece of his pure flesh) have a funny side. A lot of humor is provided by the irreverent Monkey; he's incapable of very much humility and constantly violates social conventions, even in Heaven; but his heart is usually in the right place. His capabilities are vast, including being immortal and having the power to work all sorts of magic, but his hubris often leads him astray. This is pitched as a children's tale - although the occasional sex and almost constant fairy-tale violence might make it an older children's tale - and the characters reflect childish impulsiveness and disregard for ceremony. It's a fun read, and I was disappointed when it was over. I'd recommend it!
I currently own 3 different versions of "Journey to the West", and of the three, this one is probably the best compromise between detail and brevity. I am currently reading it to my 7-year-old (I read it by myself a while ago), and while the vocabulary is definitely a stretch (I have to explain 4 or 5 words on most pages), he's really loving it. The story has all the appeal of a Martial Arts novel, The Wizard of Oz, and a Buddhist philosophical treatise blended into a thoroughly entertaining tale for all ages. I previously read "Adventures of Monkey King" (ISBN 0962076511) to my son, and while the language was much more appropriate for a young child, the story was overly abridged, and a lot of the detail that makes the story fun and interesting was lost. This edition tells the beginning and the end of the story very well, but leaves out all of the middle episodes between finding the dragon horse, Pigsy, and Sandy and getting to the mountain of fire.  As a result, Pigsy and Sandy are a bit under-developed, but the Monkey King definitely gets a real chance to shine, and you do get a decent feel for Pigsy and Tripitaka, at least.  I kind of appreciate that they left the whole middle section out instead of picking random stories, because that makes it easier to go back to the full version of the story ("Journey to the West (4-Volume Boxed Set)", ISBN 7119016636), and fill in the missing stories if you want to. The way it's told here, the actual journey itself is the smallest part of the story.  It's all about setting up the characters and reaching Inda.  In the full-length version, the story is mostly about the journey, and how it changes the characters. This version is very good for those who want to get the flavor of the characters and "find out what happens", but the full version is best for those who really just want to enjoy reading about the Monkey King doing what he does best, and aren't anxious for it to end.  Be warned, though, the full version can drag a bit if you're hoping to actually see the plot move along. I have heard that the book "Monkey/Folk Novel of China" (ISBN 0802130860) best captures the comedic aspects of the story, so that will be my next purchase. The British (well, really, Chinese via Japan) TV series "Monkey" is also based on this story. I discovered that it has recently been released on DVD in Australia, and that a British release is coming that will include the 13 previously unaired Japanese episodes (with subtitles). As the series was never aired in America, I may need to buy a PAL DVD player to watch it, so that's what I plan to do. The story is that good.
The only book out of dozen different authored ones. Includes the story of the monkey from the beginning ( most books only start from the monk ) written in plain English as English books  [ translated or not ] should be { some books are written for and understood only by students and scholars }
Heavily shortened, it's alright overall but leaves a lot out.  Consider it a good primer for readers interested in the whole folklore of this legend, but there are better options out there.
The book is difficult for most Western readers, because some of the language is so fantastic in its description of all the different spirits, monsters, immortals, etc.  But just stick with it and by the end of the book you will have an increased understanding of the mythology that works its way into a lot of Chinese Cultural opionions. I initially started reading this, because it is one of what is touted as one of the essential Chinese classics, and also because my wife, who is Chinese, was born in the Monkey Year, and I was born in the Boar Year.  The 4 main characters of the novel are Monkey, Pig, Friar Sand and the brother of the Tang Emporer.  My former business partner is named Tang, so, for me the book was irresistable. But, as I said, the book is very long, and the variety of monsters, spirits, immortals, etc. is mind boggling, but somehow, at the end it makes a unified impression, and from reading all the different subplots, you gain an understanding of Chinese culture that simply cannot be gained without it. gjmugg
This translation skipped most of the adventures along the journey, which were the best part of this classic.
I have read the printed version of the "Journey to the West" before and thought it would be nice to have the eBook version for my Android.  It's like visiting old friends when I read about the Monkey King, Pigsy and the rest.  Plus, it's nice to be able to bring the book with me so I can read it when traveling or I have a few spare minutes. I believe eBooks are definitely the wave of the future and this one makes a nice addition to my electronic library. Thanks for reading. Brad
tame the ego and magic appears, there are peaceful solutions to anything.  A delightful read of wisdom.
a wonderfully written book and full of life lessons.
The Journey to the West is a classic and its great read. Classic Chinese literature is poetic with life lessons all in a great adventure tale. The scene descriptions are hyperbolic but should be read as a tale being told to an audience.
Real good book I'm keeping it in my libary for good
I had to read this book for an Asian religious studies class and it was by far one of my favorite readings from the class. I'm a slow reader but I managed to finish this in the course of just a few days. The plot and characters really pull you in and it's an easy read.
This is a solid translation of the work, however, there are many, many, embarrassing misspellings. For example, "you're" became "you've", "quite" became "quire", etc. While these do not generally impede your understanding of the book, it can be annoying. Also, as mentioned before in another review, the table of contents is useless, no hyperlinks, no chapter names.
It was probably the longest book I've ever read and I'm a voracious reader. Growing up in Chinese martial arts with a Taoist Si Fu and Buddhist Si Mu, learning forms named after Sun Wukong and Immortals, this book hit a sweet spot called home.
I tend to take forever finishing a book, but this was such an enjoyable read I couldn't put it down!
An interesting story, and is a must-read for anyone majoring in history. This is THE story of China blending their animism with Buddhism, Confucianism, and Taoism.
This was a book used by my history class, used to depict Buddhist, Daoist, and Confucianist ideals. This is a very fun read, the chapters just fly by.
I really enjoyed it, but there are too many long shots when nothing happens
one of four classics of ancient Chinese literature gives insight into the cultural outlook on self improvement with charm and humor
Amazing book! So glad I found it again.
A fantastic, epic tale. If you saw the TV show in the Eighties you'll love the book. It brings Monkey & all your favourites back to life.
Loved it. Highly suggest.
This book is remarkable, highly recommend
Great.
It is an amazing story with a lot of interesting characters not found in Western literature. If you want to understand Chinese religion, mainly Buddhism and Daoism, this is a good place to start.
Real nice, been looking for it for a long time
This book is one of the "4 classics" that Chinese children are studying during their school education. This one is probably too far from the Western cultural roots to make an easy reading, yet it is worth the patience (and sometimes the pain to go through some lengthy descriptions of places, costumes, characters...) for a Westerner seeking to better understand the Chinese psyche.
Brilliant, witty, touching, and ridiculous. I loved it. I'll read it again. The boring bits can be breezed through, all in all an amazing read
TRUE ENLIGHTENMENT...
This is a challenging book to review in that it is long, as are the other classic Chinese epics (Three Kingdoms, Outlaws of the Marsh and Dream of the Red Chamber) and accordingly contains much that will on the one hand provoke, entertain and inspire the modern reader while also containing much many are likely to find infuriating. The basic plot is simple and well-known (and easily researchable on Wikipedia and other web sites). An emperor of China's Tang dynasty, seeking enlightenment for his kingdom, appoints a monk to journey to the west (India) to worship the Buddha and bring back the scripture. The monk has four disciples (fallen beings who are being given a chance to redeem themselves) who help him. These are the Monkey King, the Pig, and Friar Sand, and the horse. Pig and Friar Sand were heavenly Generals who messed up and were put into the bodies of animals. The horse is a dragon who is working off a sin by being in the body of a horse. Monkey was born of stone and is redeeming himself after having caused considerable chaos in and even revolted against heaven, taking on everybody there including the Jade Emperor (a stand-in, it seems, for God). This is based on a true story wherein a Tang emperor really did send a monk on a mission to bring back Buddhist scripture, and also gather information (a Lewis & Clark type exploratory mission). It's a long trip accomplished on foot and for the monk, horseback (the main modes of transportation back then). The disciples can travel via cloud, but not the monk. But in the epic, the length of the trip is the least of the challenges. Again and again and again the party is beset by demons many of whom want to eat the monk's flesh in order to gain eternal life (something that is said to be possible given the monk's purity). Unlike other famous fictional voyagers, though, this monk couldn't fight his way out from under a grain of rice. He spends pretty much the entire epic weeping and complaining. It's mainly Monkey, helped more or less (emphasis on "less") by the other disciples, that constantly has to overcome the obstacles. The points of interest, the good parts, come from the nature of the adventures (quite varied and imaginative) and perhaps more important, the key relationships: between Monkey and the Monk, between Monkey and the assortment of deities, and between Monkey and the other disciples. The monk is the prototypical whiney nerd. As mentioned, his specialties are weeping and complaining. Moreover, he is fooled by more illusions than a ten-year-old at a cheap magic show; actually, he's fooled by all illusions. Monkey, on the other hand, is the one who "gets it." His ability to see what's real isn't quite 100%, but its close and even when he errs, he corrects himself very quickly. He is, perhaps, the single greatest, most skilled, and most powerful (lots of magic powers) sidekick in all of literature (East or West). So you'd think the Monk would revere and trust Monkey, right? Not so. The Monk does not trust Monkey at all and rejects his advice every time, until he gets into a mess and has no choice to do what Monkey demands in order to escape the crisis, only to distrust Monkey again next time. Twice in the epic, Monk gets so angry at what he perceives to be a bad attitude on the part of Monkey, he fires him (kicks him out of the expedition), but, of course, is force to be reconciled lest he wind up as dinner for a monster. But the Monk just doesn't learn. He continually trusts Pig, whose main concern is his own indulgence. As to capabilities, Pig is OK, but a distant second behind Monkey. I'm not sure why the author fusses about the horse and Friar Sand. Neither has any discernable personality and both seem to be there just to carry stuff. And this is where we begin to get into things that may annoy a modern Western reader. The practice of the art of fiction here is not what we're used to. The epic relies a lot, and I mean A HECK Of A LOT on a fictional technique known as "deus ex machina" which translates literally to "God out of the machine." It's well known in ancient Greek theater. The author sets up a fascinating plot conflict and then finds himself unable to logically solve it, so an actor playing one the Gods is lowered to the scene from a set of pulleys (the machine) to sort everything out. The Greeks get away with it because the conflict is usually more important than the details of how it's resolved, but even they don't completely escape criticism. In this epic, "deus ex machina" is used constantly. Like the Greeks, conflict and escape are paramount, but with the Greeks, you get one "deus ex machina" instance per play. Here, it bombards you again and again and again time after time after time in the same epic to the point where it becomes tempting to skip ahead once the conflict is established because you pretty much know what's coming. In fact, the adventures get so formulaic after a while, you may wonder if this is really a single epic, or something that was cobbled together from a lot of separate adventure stories. I have no idea what the answer is, but in the work handed down to us, the end implies it is a unified epic and that the crises were orchestrated from heaven to enable the Monk to become worthy of receiving the scriptures. But again, I can't swear this wasn't grafted on at a later time. One of the things that leads me to wonder about this being a unified epic is the way the Monk fails to even start to come to grips with Monkey's merits until the very end. To a modern Western reader, that defies belief, and having read other ancient Chinese epics, I'm not in a hurry to attribute such shallow characterization to the epic's different time and place. Also, the underdeveloped characterizations of Friar Sand and the horse lead me to wonder if they were developed in other segments of the story that got lost, or if the author intended to flash them out but never got around to it. It's important to note that my speculations as to whether this is a unified work or something that was patched together is just that, personal speculation. I have absolutely no clue about the facts and haven't (at least not yet) even checked to see if there's any research pointing one way or another. What I'm suggesting to you, as a reader of this review, is to draw conclusions about the fact that I am so wrapped up in speculations like this. That tells you a lot about how the work is organized, and how reading it feels as you get beyond the 22-chapters of introductory material. Clearly, though, the most intriguing character, and the one that makes the whole thing worthwhile is Monkey. His evolution from literature's most potent a**-hole to its most potent protector is riveting and addictive. It's a fascinating object lesson to anyone who has occasion to deal with difficult but talented people. The end of the story implies the monk needed to suffer to earn the right to get the scriptures. We modern folks, though, don't need to go through that. We can, if we wish, try to recognize the merit around us without constantly bringing ourselves to the brink of destruction.
Lost too much stuff including some most core stories. The pictures do not fit their descriptions. The worst version I have ever seen.
With the pandemic limiting bookstore browsing, I’m spending more time browsing my own bookshelves, pulling out books that I meant to read but forgot. I’m not sure exactly how Monkey: A Journey to the West, retold by David Kherdian, ended up amongst my other books, but I’m glad it did. Apparently, Monkey — a bit of Trickster, like Coyote from some Native American legends, only with a mean streak and a propensity for fighting and drinking and stealing and causing cosmic mayhem — is a folk story dating back to the sixteenth century. It’s an allegory of the struggle we must all face before a spiritual transformation is possible. Like most great spiritual journeys, Monkey is spurred by a desire to become immortal. Given that he was born from a magic stone “fructified by the seeds of Heaven and Earth, and by the essences of the sun and moon…” I think he might have been immortal to begin with, but that point is lost on Monkey. He sets out to learn all the secrets, which will lead to becoming immortal. Along the way he tangles with an incredible pantheon of gods, lesser and greater, and elders and spiritual leaders and demons and dragons. The list is so massive, and most of the cultural references were completely lost on me. I wish there was a cheat sheet of characters to provide context because the significance of the Moon Goddess and Jade Emperor and Dragon King of the Western Ocean was obscure. Still, the book was a joy to read and I really started to feel for Monkey, especially after he got a mountain dropped on him for 500 years. I only wish the religious texts of my youth, suffered in silent confusion on hard benches, had a fraction of the energy, passion and entertainment found in Monkey: “Furious, Natha cried, ‘Change!’ Whereupon he was transformed into a ferocious deity with three heads and six arms. His hands held six weapons: a monster-slashing sword, a monster-hacking scimitar, a monster-binding rope, a monster-quelling club, an embroidered ball, and a fire wheel. Brandishing these weapons, he charged Monkey.” “So you’ve a trick or two up your sleeve,” Monkey said. “Well, have a look at this!” Shouting “Change!” Monkey turned into a demon with three heads and six arms. His cudgel had become three cudgels, and grabbing each with two hands, he engaged Natha in an earth-shaking, mountain-trembling battle. They flew through the air like meteors and clashed like lightning, each parry and blow a thunderclap, with sparks flashing across the skies like shooting stars.” When I finished the book and was thinking through all the battles and shenanigans and cosmic forces, I thought, “This would make an epic Kung Fu movie, why hasn’t anyone thought of that?” They did. I checked. There are dozens of them. Looking forward to watching them all.
Although plot detail and events are skipped for brevity, Kherdian gives delightful dialog to his characters, especially the Monkey King (The Handsome Monkey King!).  A reader feels that he has probably met someone  this brash and outrageous in real life.  The plot moves quickly for lively reading.  It is more engrossing and even more exciting than recent film treatments of the story. A good introduction to Journey to the West, a Chinese classic novel.  Hopefully the reader will want to find out more about the story, and also Chinese culture .
Monkey was not exactly what I was expecting.  From the description, I thought this story would be heavily involved in Eastern Philosohpy, and use analogies to explain the Buddhist, Taoist, and Confucianist dogmas. Instead, the majority of the book describes the dozens of battles between monkey and various demons and spirits.  The specifics/tactics of these battles are described, including weapons (axes, swords, maces, monkey's cudgel, etc.), the magical transformations used (monkey growing to 10000 feet tall, or turning into a bird, etc.), and the status of the battle (300 rounds and no-one gaining an advantage, the opponents head being chopped off, etc.). Although there is some discussion of monkey's training in "The Way" (with some Taoist and Confucianist ideas), and some of the Buddhist theories (right action, non-violence), the story is more focused on the adventures and battles of monkey and his master, who is searching for Buddhist scrolls.
This is one of my favorite books that I will very seldom recommend to people. The reason for this is that while I found the long tangents, odd storylines, quirky characters, and great length of the book to be fantastically entertaining, I recognize that it is a very peculiar combination of elements that might not sit well with some. The book can also be somewhat repetitive on a superficial level, though there was enough variance in each story to keep me interested. The book also can be rather long-winded at times, but it's often in a funny way.
This is a decent telling of the Chinese story, but it doesn't deliver on its own promises: Kherdian says that he includes more episodes and more of the spiritual aspects of the story than are found in the famous Arthur Waley version, but sadly, he does no such thing (especially in a crucial and famous scene toward the end). Kherdian's version is certainly readable and enjoyable, but Waley's is more thorough and includes more of the religious elements of the original. However, Kherdian's version may be better for younger readers than Waley's as, of the two abridgements, it is the easier to read.
I just love the TV series monkey and the book is just as interesting. I found a really old copy at a junk sale. Before that I had no idea of the origin of the series. I just thought is was an amusing variation on samurai, ninja type themes. The original text is, however, the reason for the depth of philosophical thought which the series contains. I have no idea whether the philosophy goes into kids heads, or straight over them, but they seem to love it and the book makes great bedtime reading for children who love the series.
Monkey King is one of the 4 top classics in Chinese literature. All my friends in Beijing told me I should read it first of the 4, and they chose well. Akin to the Wizard of Oz in America, the story has many layers of meaning, and provides significant insight into Chinese culture and thought patterns, past and present. The story is easy to pick up and follow in episodes. I will confess that I skipped over some of the flowery (and lengthy) descriptive poetic sections, but this is a good read. This edition is marred by having no good navigation system, and by  occasionalrandom misspellings (due to the linguistic mindset of the Chinese translator/s).
This translation of the classic Chinese novel is not nearly as good as the previous Arthur Waley edition, also available from Amazon.  This edition has the advantage of being greatly simplified, and therefore may be more suitable for young readers.  Fans of the Waley edition might also be interested in this edition as a source for a few slightly different stories selected from the much longer original.  However, this edition eliminates much of the texture of the original and is overall much, much shorter than Waley's.  Most readers would be far wiser to choose Waley's classic edition.  This is a poor substitute at best, except possibly for children.
While this is the only version of the Monkey King story that I have read, I have read other Eastern philosophy stories, and I have to say that this version is definitely the most readable of all of them. That being said, I did find the story to be a little light on the Eastern wisdom it was meant to deliver. However, if you're looking for a fun story based on some Eastern principles to read to your children, this could be it.
If  you are a huge fan of the Journey to the West do not purchase this abridgement, buy the whole 3-4 volume set also available on Amazon.  Otherwise the translation and abridgement here is fine for a quick, fun read.
This book is fantastic, It's a great read but thats just me because I love Asian myth's and things of the sort. But few know that this book is the basis of the incredibley popular anime Dragon Ball Z. Yes thats right, im not making this up this is 100% true. If you look up the story for dragon ball, the first in the series of dbz, you will find that it is incredibley similar to this book. Monkey represents Son Gokou, the pig represents oolong, the great king of the mountain is ox king. If you are a big time DBZ fan like me, read this book and find out the origin.
I waiting a long time to read this book imswr very interested in Chinese mythology so far I have enjoyed the story..thank you Amazon for your prompt service I also have a kindle fire wihich I also enjoy very much!!!!
I downloaded the sample for this and found the TOC worthless. Chapter 1 to Chapter 100 are listed. But they aren't even hyperlinked. Any other decent sample book I've tried has a hyperlinked TOC. I deleted it then and there. Found a free copy elsewhere on the web with hyperlinks and even quick chapter summaries. That one's a keeper.
I really loved this book, it passed the time really fast and I liked the book so much I finished it in only 10 hours.
I have loved Monkey King since I was a little lad waiting for it to come on the tv, so I decided to read the actual book and events and I have enjoyed every single page so far. Sometimes a little hard to grasp but I get there eventually. well worth it for any Far East lover or Monkey fan.
Very rarely does a story jump out of the book and strike you square in the imagination with such impact as Wu Cheng'en Journey to the West. It not only is a tale of monsters, demons and devils, it also sends the message of peace and tolerance in the form of the Buddhist monk Sanzang (known better in the West as Tripitaka) set in a time of great upheaval, not only in China but throughout the world. It is a mix of established Chinese mythology and beliefs, combined with historical events and the creative genius of Wu Cheng'en. I have read this book many times by many different translators and it never fails to please. Do yourself a favour and buy this book.
An excellent read I highly recommend this book.excellent service by the supplier.10/10
Very interesting thanks JNR
Wonderful story, although it does seem to suffer from a few OCR faults, but those are of a minor nature and don't affect the readability of the book.
First experienced this through the animation adaptation of Dragonball.  Reading through this has been one of the best reading experiences I have had the pleasure of encountering; I would highly recommend this to anybody and everybody.
This Kindle version ( Monkey - Journey to the West ) appears to be the entire unabridged version of the story.  I also have the printed unabridged version which consists of 4 volumes totaling 2317 pages ( Journey to the West ).  I compared the entire first chapter of this Kindle version with the aforementioned printed version, and it's the same word-for-word.  I point this out as there are a few abridged versions available. So, the story.  It dates back from the Ming Dynasty, somewhere around the 1500's and was, I believe, initially produced in installments.  For those of you familiar with the Japanese TV series "Monkey", you will recognize the characters in the book.  The first part of the book focuses on Monkey, his birth, his ascension to the King of the Monkeys, his going to, and subsequent dismissal from Heaven.  The next part of the book introduces the rest of the team (Triptaka, Sandy, Pigsy and the Horse.  Then the book goes into the adventures the team have as chronicled in the aforementioned TV series. The formatting of the Kindle version is very good and I have yet to find any of the infamous typos and poor format found in some Kindle books.  The formatting is not as good as the print version (the chapter sub-headings appear to be continuous with the text of the book) but then again, you can't really expect it to. So, all-in-all, I am delighted with this purchase, and I would recommend this version to fans of the TV series who want to learn more about Monkey and who enjoy a good read.
Ich wollte die Reise nach Westen schon lange lesen und habe es mit einer Adaption der WJF Jenner Übersetzung (Beijing, 1955) versucht. Die war so abschreckend umfangreich und detailiert (weit über 1000 Seiten!) und unverständlich geschrieben, dass ich es nach nichtmal 5 Seiten aufgegeben habe und mich jahrelang nicht mehr an die Geschichte herangetraut habe. Dann bin ich, quasi zufällig, auf die Adaptionen von Shambhala Classics gestoßen und wollte es doch noch mal mit der Reise nach Westen versuchen. Diese Fassung der Geschichte war flink weggelesen. Verständlich geschrieben, aber stark gekürzt. Ein bisschen zu stark für meinen Geschmack. Oft hatte ich das Gefühl, Sachverhalte oder Beschreibungen nur sehr skizzenahft übermittelt zu bekommen. Ebenso fehlt jegliche Poesie, die in der Vorlage ja eine große Rolle spielt. Aber naja, um einen Einblick in die Geschichte zu bekommen, reicht es. Man hat sie gelesen, man kann mitreden (als ob ein Gespräch jemals wirklich das Buch thematisieren würde...) Mir als unkonzentrierten Leser kam es ja auch i-wo entgegen. Inhaltlich kann ich nur sagen, dass Handsome Monkey King aka Great Sage, Equal of Heaven echt nen verdammtes A****loch ist. Ich meine, dass er nicht gerade ein moralisches Vorbild ist, war mir schon klar, aber wow. Selten so einen nicht-mögenswerten Protagonisten erlebt.
Wunderschön geschrieben, leicht verständliches und bilderreiches english. Dieses Buch überzeugt durch seine Gabe, den Leser zu fesseln und schafft es, selbst bei weniger als 210 Seiten, die Charaktere lieb zu gewinnen zu lassen und einen gewogenen Werdegang, sowie die Spannung zu erhalten. Gute, nicht allzu anspruchsvolle Kost, aber english Klasse 10> sollte es schon sein, sonst entziehen sich einem  so manche Eindrücke und bildliche Ebenen, die doch die eigentlichen inneren Bilder erst schaffen.
It's hard to know how to review this one. It does indeed appear to be the Unabridged edition of Journey to the West translated by W.J.F. Jenner, which is in copyright and published by Foreign Language Press in four volumes. This edition certainly has some errors of the kind consistent with OCR and suffers from poor formatting and a lack of a table of contents - which for a work of this size is badly needed. It also lacks any copyright information, failing even to credit the translator, and doesn't include the extensive introduction of the FLP edition. It is published by an unknown publisher called Monkey King. So, you can draw your own conclusions and for myself, I suggest instead that you buy the FLP edition here: Journey to the West
中国四大奇書でありながら、日本人には本だけでなくドラマ、パペットなどさまざまなイメージを与えてきた西遊記ですが、この西遊記は金閣・銀閣をはじめとするいわゆる妖怪退治を筋にした西遊記とは一味違います。 前半は孫悟空のルーツについてのストーリーが中心。道を阻む妖怪とのふれあいを描いたストーリーも面白いですが、本来の「不躾で自信過剰なやんちゃ猿」の心の成長に重きを置いたこの本は、読者の西遊記へのイメージをより濃いものにしてくれます。 この物語が好きで、いろいろな出版社から出されている日本語のものを読み比べている人も多いと思いますが、西遊記が好きな人には、挿絵も含めて今までの中国的な味わいにエキゾチックなイメージを与えてくれるという点で面白く読める一冊。<!BR!>ただ、「大冒険」に西遊記の魅力を感じている人にはちょっと物足りないかもしれません。
I'm a Chinese speaker, but my daughter isn't. She has heard about the monkey king from us and was interested in hearing the story, so we ordered this book. The translation is slightly awkward, especially the inconsistent translation of names (some are translated by meaning, such as "Piggy" and some are phonetic translations of the Chinese name, such as "Xuan Zeng"). I find myself frequently making changes to the translation or adding explanations to make it more understandable or interesting to my daughter. That being said, I cannot even imagine how difficult it would be to translate this particular story into English and abridge it for young readers, so I'm not sure if there are much better versions out there or not.
Long ago I saw on TV a Chinese series on this story, without subtitles, so I was looking for an English version to read.  This gave me the basic story line, but is definately for beginning readers.  Has a shortened story line with a play version included and a vocabulary section for the meanings of the words.  Great for teaching purposes for 1st through 3rd graders.
Enjoyed.
The quality of the book is very good, the content translation is very good, and the mailing is very smooth.
I became interested in this book after watching Forbidden Kingdom. The story of the Monkey King is thoughtful and entertaining.  The Kindle edition was a no brainer at 99 cents.  The translation is fantastic and it reads like it was written with English being its original language.  Highly recommend to anyone interested in the Monkey King, and/or Asian history.
Journey to the West has truly stood the test of time. A fun read hundreds of years after it was written.
Love this book so much, I bought it for my children as I absolutely love everything journey to the west since growing up loving the TV show monkey. The pictures are great and the story well put together. Love this thank you
Wasnt what i expected too childish
I gave it as a gift.
Beautifully printed, plain language and images to foreign readers to understand the "Journey to the West" story.
The Journey to the West is one of the Four Great works of Chinese literature.  Kathryn Lin retells this story in a format accessible to young, and very young children.  Each of the 37 pages of this book is richly illustrated with numerous, bright, eye-catching watercolors and drawings.  Although this is not a bilingual book, for  parents wishing to expose their children to Chinese language or culture at an early age, the author intersperses common Chinese characters (along with pronunciation and a concise definition). The character of the Monkey King is reminiscent of Curious George. Or, one could say Curious George is reminiscent of the Monkey King.  I highly recommend this book to parents who want to familiarize  their children to another culture, especially those with children who already have an interest in Sagwa, Mulan, or other Chinese-themed children’s books.
Amazingly well done and beautiful art. Great intro book for little ones to learn about the monkey king and his story
Really cute book and easy to read. Pictures are watercolor and nicely done, bright. The length of it was also enough to be a good story time book. Good addtion for a child's library. Would recommend.
What more could you ask for in a children's book? The beautiful illustrations will charm young children and parents alike. Lin brings the Monkey King to life, making him into a spunky, funny and lovable protagonist. Lin writes a Chinese story for a Western audience, providing parents the perfect opportunity to expose their children to a culture different from their own. How clever of Lin to write this story! Bravo.
Like the author, I also grew up with stories of the Monkey King, Wukong.  This is a great re-telling of story.  I love the illustrations!  I am buying a copy for my nephew.
Love the book! The story is interesting and fun. I bought one for my niece as her birthday gift. She really enjoys the story and learns Chinese words. Highly recommended!
